A man in white walked over
A man is playing with his mobile phone behind the counter
A man is sorting things in front of the counter
There is a man squatting against the wall in the upper left corner of the screen
A man in red walked out of the upper left corner of the screen
The squatting man stood up and talked with the man in red
The two people talking leave from the top of the screen
A man walked in from the right side of the screen and placed a drink on the counter.
The man walked behind the man who was repairing things and sat down
The man got up and walked to the counter to chat with someone
The man returned to where he was and sat down
The man who was sorting things stood up and communicated with others, then turned around and walked upwards
The man threw something into the blue bucket and turned back with a man in a black shirt
The man returned to the counter to talk to someone, and then left
The man sitting on the ground got up, picked up the tape on the counter and sat back down
Man sitting on the ground using tape to bind items
A man in a blue shirt walks to the counter from above
The man in blue shirt communicates with the person at the counter
The man returned to the counter and handed something to the clerk, who gave him something
The man has been playing with the things in his hands
The man squatted on the ground and continued to play with the things in his hands.
A man in a blue shirt appears on the screen, and the clerk picks up the drink from the floor and walks back to the counter
The man in a blue shirt looked at the two people on the ground
The man squatting on the ground stood up, handed the things to the teller, and then squatted next to the man sitting on the ground.
A man in black appeared on the screen, rummaged in his backpack, and handed something to the man in a shirt.
The man sitting on the ground got up and walked to the counter. He put the packaged goods on the counter and then turned back and sat down.
The man sitting on the ground got up and walked away
The man sitting on the ground came back again
Another man got up and packed his things
The man who had packed his things stood up, turned around and walked upwards
The man threw something into the blue bucket and turned back
Two men have been squatting by the wall
Two men got up and left
Someone is walking in the dark night
A car drove past in the dark night
A car drove past in the dark night
There is an old man walking in the dark night
A car drove past in the dark night
Two cars drove past in the dark night
Two cars drove past in the dark night
A person appears in a car in the dark night
Many people got out of the car in the dark night
Three people stood in front of the car in the dark night
A car is driving in the distance
A man came over with a box
The salesperson is talking to the customer
The salesperson is packing things
The salesperson helped the old man move her chair and let her walk across the aisle
The old man took out a long black wallet-like strip from the sales counter and placed it on the table
The salesperson brought a large vase to the old man
The old man pointed to the salesperson what he wanted
Two people came to the counter to chat with the service staff to handle business
The service staff handed them the money
One of the customers took the money and walked away
Someone is walking in the distance
The fish in the tank are swimming
A man in white came into the camera
The man in white goes to the fish tank to have a look
The man in purple is on the phone
A man walking at a gas station
A large silver-gray car drove over and stopped at the refueling location.
A man in green entered the store, and then a man also entered the store
A black car drove over to refuel.
The staff climbed up the ladder to search
The staff got off the ladder and walked out of the house
The man in green came in and looked for something on the shelf
The man in red is also looking for something on the shelf
The man in red leaves the screen
There are six red roadblocks and a green sign on the left side of an open space. A woman in a pink top and black hat at the top of the screen walks to the bottom of the screen.
Two men left on a motorcycle at the top of the screen.
The motorcycle drives out from the upper right corner,
A man in the lower left corner of the screen opened the door and walked to the right side of the screen
A woman in pink riding a motorcycle passed by in the lower right corner of the screen.
A man on the left came out with a child in his arms
A woman in white and a man in red walked to the left of the screen, and then the man in red returned to the right.
The car at the top of the screen drives away from the screen
Several men in the screen walked to the lower left corner of the screen and entered the store.
A white pickup truck passes by at the bottom of the screen
A man in white came from the right side of the screen, walked to the wall on the left side of the screen to talk, and then left.
The clerk in the green shirt walked to where he was just now.
Two men left in the lower left corner,
The clerk walks out of the screen
A man in white clothes and black pants on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen.
A black car drove past the left side of the screen,
A man and a woman in a green striped shirt walked to the left side of the screen, and the three left one after another
A man wearing a helmet walked to the left side of the screen, talked by the window, and then left.
A black car drives past the bottom of the screen.
A man in black clothes and black pants on the right walked to the window on the left.
Another black car passed by,
A white vehicle passed by on the left
The man in black clothes and black pants left the screen,
A man wearing a gray shirt walked to the left wall.
Two people enter the store in the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in gray clothes walks to the right side of the screen and leaves
A silver car in the upper right corner of the screen drives towards the left side of the screen.
Two men rode electric bikes and parked at the bottom of the screen and entered the store
A woman in red on the right side of the screen walks to the window on the left
A man walked to the window and the woman left
A black car passed below and stopped at the top of the screen.
A silver-gray car drove into the lower right corner of the screen and stopped in the center of the screen.
A white car passed by.
Two women walked out of the store and got into a silver-gray car, and the vehicle drove away
A yellow car at the top of the screen reverses and leaves.
A woman on the right walked to the left,
A silver car stopped at the top of the screen
A woman in a white top and black pants on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen.
A silver van passed by,
A clerk walked from the right to the left,
A motorcycle drives past the bottom of the screen
A silver vehicle is passing by in the screen.
Many people on the right walked to the left window and lined up.
A silver car above reversed, backed up a distance and drove away from the screen.
A motorcycle stopped at the top of the screen
A motorcycle passed below and stopped above. The two got off,
A red car drove away
A man in red wearing a helmet and a man in a white shirt on the right side of the screen walked to the left window one after another. The two walked to the right side of the screen and left.
A gray car passed by at the top of the screen, a white car passed by, and a black car stopped at the top of the screen.
The two people left the screen on a motorcycle
Many vehicles and motorcycles pass by in the screen.
Many people are entering and leaving the store and talking to the left window,
A man in black on the right side walked to the left side of the screen.
A black car stopped at the top of the screen
A clerk left,
Two silver-gray cars and one green car passed by in the screen.
Many men walked to the window on the left side of the screen and then left.
A motorcycle drove into the bottom of the screen and stopped in the center of the screen.
The child got off the car and walked to the window, then got on the motorcycle and left the screen.
A white car passed by behind
A man wearing a helmet and striped clothes came to the right side of the screen and walked to the left side of the screen.
Two men riding motorcycles from behind stopped in the center of the screen. They got off the car and entered the store.
Several men in white walked to the left side of the screen and left one after another
A motorcycle stopped at the top of the screen and the owner got off the car and entered the store.
Many vehicles pass by in the center of the screen.
The owner returned to the motorcycle and left the screen.
Jeeps and many silver cars pass by on the right side of the screen.
The window on the left is often visited by people, and customers come in and out of the store.
A white car on the right stopped at the top of the screen.
A motorcycle is coming from the right. A man in red gets off the car and walks to the window and drives away with the white car at the top of the screen.
Many black vehicles and motorcycles pass by the screen.
Many people are entering and leaving the store and talking to the left window
A man in black on the right side of the screen walked to the left window and left.
There are multiple cars driving continuously at the top of the screen
A woman in pink and a man in a white shirt and a white helmet walked to the left, and they left at the same time.
A clerk walked out of the store on the left side of the screen and walked to the right side of the screen, and several customers walked to the left side of the screen
A motorcycle drove into the bottom of the screen and stopped at the top of the screen. A person got off the car and entered the store.
A man in white on the right wearing a helmet walks towards the left side of the screen and then leaves.
The silver vehicle in the upper right corner drives away
A black car parked at the top right corner of the screen. The owner got out of the car and entered the store.
A white van and a large car passed by on the right side of the screen.
The owner of the black car above got in, reversed and drove away from the screen.
A black car passes by on the right
Three motorcycles entered the lower right corner of the screen, and two motorcycles left after stopping briefly in the upper left corner.
The owners of the other two cars got off the car and entered the store.
A man in red walked to the left side of the screen and then left.
A white car passes above
There is a white tall building on the left side of the picture with a yellow sign in the middle, a telephone pole on the right side, and a red building below
The screen starts to zoom, there is a big yellow sign on the left with red words, and there are several trees in the distance on the right
Screen zoom, there is a white tall building on the left with a yellow sign in the middle, a telephone pole on the right, and a red building below
At the top of the screen, the yellow sign stayed briefly, then the camera turned right, shifted to the left and zoomed in
The picture turns to the right. The picture shows a yellow car with red headlights. The license plate number is 557. The driver's door of the yellow vehicle is open. The picture is zoomed out.
The right side of the picture is a row of red brick walls, the left side is a road, there are many vehicles driving on the road, and there is a telephone pole in the center. The picture is enlarged later.
Turn the screen left and right and zoom in on the yellow overpass. There is a bus and several cars driving at the bottom of the screen.
Turn right, zoom in on the windshield of a bus, then shrink back to the initial screen
The picture shows the escalator and stairs of an overpass, with a ceiling and a blue sign on it. A man in blue gets on the escalator. On the left is the road, and many vehicles pass by.
The screen switches to the bottom of an overpass. There are a few vehicles around the stairs and blue-green ceiling.
Zoom out the screen and turn right. The screen is an overpass with the road below.
The screen turns to the left and the overpass sidewalk screen zooms in to the blue sign of the store entrance
The screen turns right to the sidewalk on the right side of the overpass, pedestrians are walking
The screen turns to a two-lane road. Many motor vehicles are driving on the lane.
The screen turns to the right, and the right side is the lane where traffic is entering.
The picture is a cobblestone path with trees on the right and a road on the left.
Screen zoom in. The road is concave, and above it is the pedestrians walking on the road in the low place.
The picture is on a two-way road with an isolation belt in the middle. There are more vehicles on the right side than on the left.
A yellow double-decker bus enters the lower left corner of the screen and drives upwards
The screen is enlarged, and a truck with a white front and a yellow carriage is passing by on the right
The screen turns right and onto the road. There are many vehicles on the road. After a short pause, continue to turn right.
The screen shifted to the overpass passage with white railings, and then the camera turned right and moved to the road.
At night, the scene is at an intersection. There are many vehicles driving on the road. The indicator light above changes from yellow to red.
During the day, many black vehicles are driving on the road in the picture, and the indicator lights turn red
At night, the indicator light above a white car passed by turned from yellow to red, and two cars passed by on the road.
During the day, the scene is at another intersection with many vehicles driving on the road and turning.
At dusk, several motor vehicles passed by on a wide road, and a yellow school bus appeared in the lower left corner
The vehicle in the picture is turning right, and many vehicles are passing by on the road
Three red cars drive past the screen
A car turns right at the intersection, and all the vehicles in the picture are waiting for the red light.
A pickup truck at the top of the screen turns to the right side of the screen, and a black pickup truck and a blue car at the bottom are waiting for the red light.
At night, there is a yellow warning sign in the lower right corner, and there are scattered vehicles passing by.
The picture is a red light, and several cars have stopped at the intersection.
During the day, there are vehicles driving on the road in all four directions in the screen.
A silver car in the lower left corner of the screen stopped at the red wall.
The picture shows a blue car passing by.
A man in black clothes and black pants got out of the silver car, closed the door and left
In the lower right corner of the screen, there is a large black trampoline in the middle of the grass in a backyard.
At night, an electric car drives by in the lower left corner of the screen.
On the other side of the road, a large oil tanker drove past in the traffic and passed on the right side.
Many motor vehicles pass by in the lane at night
A car and two electric vehicles pass by on a street.
A car and three electric vehicles pass by on a street.
There are black cars, white cars and blue cars on the road slowly passing the intersection.
A red car slowly drove through the intersection and drove opposite a silver-white car.
A silver-white car appeared on the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road, and a red car drove to the right side of the road.
A blue car and a black car appeared on the left side of the road and drove past the right side of the road.
A man in black on a bicycle appeared on the right side of the road and rode toward the intersection. Several cars passed the intersection.
A white vehicle appeared on the upper side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the road and then drove out.
Two electric vehicles appeared on the right side of the road and rode towards the upper side of the intersection and then disappeared from sight.
Two black cars drove from the right side of the road to the upper side of the intersection,
The blue SUV on the right side of the road drove to the upper side of the intersection and then disappeared from sight.
A number of vehicles passed the intersection on the upper side of the intersection and then disappeared from sight from the right side of the intersection.
A black car appeared on the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road and then left.
Several cars appear on the left side of the road heading to the right side of the screen.
There are several electric vehicles passing the intersection.
A white SUV appeared at the intersection and drove to the right side of the intersection.
A blue van appeared on the right side of the road heading towards the upper side of the intersection.
A black SUV appeared on the upper side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the road and then disappeared from sight.
A white vehicle appeared on the upper side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the road, and then a black car appeared behind it and followed it.
Several electric vehicles appeared on the upper side of the intersection and rode to the right side of the road and then disappeared from sight.
A white car and a black car appeared on the upper side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the road and then left the field of vision.
A black jeep appeared on the upper side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the road and then disappeared from sight.
A man in blue appeared on the left side of the road and walked towards the upper side of the screen and then left the camera's field of view.
A red car is coming from the right side of the road and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
There are several vehicles on the upper side of the road heading towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaving the camera's field of view.
A silver-white car appears on the right side of the road and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A black vehicle appears on the road on the upper side of the road and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen.
A man in gray clothes walks towards the road on the right side of the screen.
A black electric car appears on the upper side of the road and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen.
There are several electric vehicles and cars on the right side of the road passing by the road and then leaving the camera's field of view.
A white car appears on the upper side of the road and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A yellow car appears on the right side of the road heading towards the road on the upper side of the screen.
A van drove from the upper side of the intersection and drove to the road on the right side of the screen and then left the camera's field of view.
A black car appears on the right side of the intersection and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A yellow vehicle appears on the upper side of the intersection and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A woman holding an umbrella appears on the left side of the intersection and walks towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A black vehicle appears on the right side of the intersection and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
Two electric vehicles appeared on the upper side of the road and then drove to the right road and out of view of the camera.
A white car appears on the right side of the road and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
There are several vehicles passing the road on the right side of the road.
A white car appears on the upper side of the road and drives towards the road on the left side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
There are several vehicles passing by on the upper road.
A white car appears on the upper side of the road and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
Several vehicles appeared on the upper side of the intersection passing by the road and then leaving the camera's field of view.
A man in black appears on the left and walks to the right side of the road and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A white car appears on the right side of the road heading towards the road on the upper side of the screen.
A man in green appeared on the right side of the road and walked across the road and then left the camera view on the left side of the road.
Several cars appeared on the upper side of the intersection and then drove to the right side of the road out of the camera's field of view.
An electric car appears on the upper right corner of the road passing by, and then leaves the camera's field of view from the road on the right side of the screen.
A white car appears on the right side of the intersection and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A white car appears on the right side of the intersection and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen.
Several vehicles appeared in the upper left corner of the intersection passing by the road and then leaving the camera's field of view.
The electric bike in the upper left corner of the intersection rides towards the road on the right side of the screen and then disappears.
A white car appears in the upper left corner of the intersection and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen.
A van appears in the upper left corner of the intersection and drives to the road on the right side of the screen.
There are several electric vehicles on the upper side of the intersection passing by the road on the screen and then leaving the camera's field of view from the road on the right side of the screen.
A yellow vehicle appears in the upper left corner of the road heading towards the road on the right side of the screen.
A number of vehicles exit the road on the right side of the road and pass by the road on the screen and then leave the camera's field of view.
A silver-white SUV appears in the upper left corner of the road heading towards the road on the right side of the screen.
Several electric vehicles appeared in the upper left corner of the road.
A white car drove into the road and then left the camera's field of view.
Several vehicles passed through the screen and then left the camera's field of view.
A woman in yellow appears on the left side of the intersection and walks towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A black car appears on the right side of the intersection and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A black SUV appears in the upper left corner of the intersection and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
Several vehicles appeared on the right side of the intersection passing by the road on the screen and then leaving the camera's field of view.
An electric car appears in the upper left corner and drives towards the road on the right side of the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
A white car and a black car appeared on the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road and then disappeared from sight.
Several vehicles on the left side of the road passed the intersection and disappeared from sight.
A white car appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the intersection and then drove out.
There are several vehicles on the right side of the road passing the intersection, heading to the left side of the intersection and then disappearing from sight.
A white car appeared on the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road.
A black vehicle appears on the right side of the intersection and drives to the upper side of the screen and then leaves.
A yellow car appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the intersection and then disappeared from sight.
A man in green walked out of the left side of the road and walked towards the blue car and then entered the vehicle.
A white electric car and a black electric car appeared on the left side of the intersection and rode towards the upper side of the intersection.
Several cars passed the intersection on the left side of the road, and the blue vehicle then disappeared from sight on the right side of the road.
A black car appeared on the left side of the intersection and disappeared from sight on the right side of the intersection.
A woman wearing pink clothes walked out of the right side of the road and walked across the road to the store on the left side of the road.
A man in brown pants appears on the right side and walks to the upper side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
There are several electric vehicles on the left side of the intersection walking toward the intersection and then disappearing from sight on the right side of the intersection.
An electric vehicle appeared on the upper side of the intersection and then drove to the shop on the left side of the road.
A man in black walked out of the right side of the road and walked into the store on the left side of the road.
A black vehicle appears in the upper left corner and drives to the right side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
A succession of vehicles appear on the right side passing by the screen and then leaving the screen.
A man in red appeared on the right side of the road riding an electric bicycle towards the upper side of the intersection and then disappeared from sight.
A man in black appeared on the left side of the road and walked towards the car on the left side of the road.
A white car drove into the upper side of the intersection and drove to the lower side of the road.
A gray car appeared on the right side of the road and walked towards the upper side of the intersection.
Several electric vehicles and several cars on the upper side of the road entered the intersection and then disappeared from sight.
A white car appeared on the right side of the road and drove slowly towards the upper side of the intersection.
A silver-white SUV appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the intersection waiting for the traffic light.
A black car appeared on the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road and then disappeared from sight.
A blue truck appeared on the left side of the intersection, pulling goods and heading to the right side of the road.
A silver-white car and a black car appeared on the upper side of the intersection and drove quickly to the right side of the intersection.
A red electric car appeared on the left side of the intersection and disappeared from sight on the right side of the road.
Several vehicles appeared on the left side of the intersection passing through the intersection and then disappeared from sight.
A man in black appeared on the right side of the road and slowly walked across the road to the shop on the left.
A green SUV on the lower side of the intersection backed into the shop on the left.
The man in green on the left side of the road slowly rode an electric bike to the right side of the road.
One after another electric vehicles pass by the screen and then leave.
A white electric car turned to the road and drove away quickly.
A silver-white car appears heading to the lower side of the screen
A silver-white SUV enters the screen.
The man in black crossed the road,
One after another electric vehicles pass by the screen and then leave.
A white car and a yellow car appear heading to the right side of the screen.
A blue electric car appears and drives to the lower side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
A blue truck appears and drives to the right side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
The man wearing a white helmet rides to the right side of the screen and leaves the screen.
A series of electric vehicles pass by the screen and then leave from the right side of the screen.
Electric vehicles appear one after another towards the upper side of the screen and then leave.
Two electric bikes turned into the road and rode away quickly.
The white car quickly drives to the upper side of the screen and then leaves.
A white car appeared slowly driving towards the road.
A white car appeared on the right side of the road and slowly drove towards the end of the road.
The yellow car turned into the road and then slowly drove out of the road.
A group of electric vehicles appeared in the middle of the road and rode out of the screen.
drove past a black car, followed by several electric vehicles.
A white car slowly turned to the center of the road and drove away slowly.
The man in gray clothes hurriedly ran to the lower side of the road.
A white car drove quickly across the road and drove away.
A white car turned into the road and drove away quickly.
The blue truck passed by the road quickly.
A blue van enters the screen and then leaves from the right side of the screen.
A black car and a white car drove towards the upper side of the road and drove away slowly.
A black SUV passed by the road quickly and then drove away.
Two men in black clothes rode over quickly on an electric bicycle.
The woman in pink clothes rode an electric bike slowly over.
The man on the bike wearing blue clothes and the man on the bike wearing white clothes rode towards the end of the road.
A yellow car appeared on the road and stopped at the end of the road waiting for the traffic light.
The road turned into a black SUV and drove quickly to the end of the road and drove away.
Several electric vehicles appear and drive towards the screen and then leave from the right side of the screen.
The man in black took something and slowly walked behind the sign and looked at the road on the right.
An electric car drives from the upper left corner to the right and slowly drives to the other side of the road.
A white electric car and a black electric car drove to the other side of the road and then left the screen.
A silver-white car appeared on the road and drove to the other side of the road.
The white car flashed double on the roadside.
On a street, there were several vehicles parked on the street, and a woman appeared on the upper side riding a bicycle heading to the right.
A motorcycle carrying two people drove to the left
A white jeep appeared on the right side of the road and drove into the middle of the road.
The white jeep drives from the right side of the road to the lower right side of the road.
Another white car drives to the left
A motorcycle carrying two people passed by on the right.
There were three or four people wearing helmets and riding motorcycles passing by.
A gray car is driving to the right
Three cars, two gray and one black, drove to the left
A truck drove over and stopped in the middle of the road. A man got out of the car and entered the shop on the left.
The truck reversed and parked into the store on the left.
A white vehicle moved toward the upper road, and a motorcycle entered the upper road from the right.
A blue truck drove into the left side of the road
The blue truck moves from left to right, and a gray car comes from behind.
A black car drives from left to right
The van enters the upper left corner and moves towards the lower left side.
Three electric cars and a red car drive from the upper left corner to the right road.
Two men riding electric bicycles drove to the left side of the road.
Two men on bicycles appear in the upper left corner and drive towards the road on the right
The man in gray clothes and the woman in pink clothes walk towards the store on the right
A white car and a blue car enter the upper left corner and move to the right road.
Two electric vehicles drove from left to right, and a black car entered the road on the left.
Enter the red car in the upper left corner and drive to the right
A green truck entered on the right and moved toward the road above, and a white car appeared on the left road.
Four cars appear in the upper left corner, two of them are white and one is black. The other car is brown and moves to the left side of the road.
Two people riding electric bicycles drive in from the right and move from right to top.
There are three vehicles passing on the upper side, one of which is a van, two cars, and an electric vehicle enters on the right
Five vehicles drove in from the right, two of them white, one black, one red, and one green, moving upward in sequence.
A white car appears on the right side parked next to the shop on the right side of the screen
A man in black appears on the upper side holding something and crossing the road towards the right road.
A green car drives to the right
Several motorcycles drove along the road to the upper left corner
A man in pink got off the white car and crossed the road
The red vehicle leaves from the right side of the screen, and the red electric car leaves the camera's field of view.
Several men on bicycles appeared on the right side and passed by the camera one after another and left the camera field of view.
There are several vehicles above that pass by the screen one after another and then leave.
A white car and electric vehicle on the right side drive to the upper road.
A white vehicle appears in the upper left corner and drives to the right side of the screen, leaving the camera's field of view
There are several vehicles on the upper side passing through the camera field of view one after another.
A white truck appears on the upper side and drives to the right side of the camera and then stops.
The white truck leaves from the right side of the screen, and a group of electric vehicles appears in the upper left corner of the screen heading towards the lower right corner of the camera.
Several cars appear on the right side heading towards the upper right corner.
There are vehicles on the upper side passing through the screen one after another and then leaving the screen.
A man on a bicycle appears in the upper left corner and rides to the right side of the screen and leaves the camera's field of view.
Some vehicles on the upper side leave the screen, and a black car drives towards the right side of the screen.
Vehicles are passing through the screen in the upper left corner.
A white vehicle appears on the right side and drives towards the road on the upper side of the screen, then stops.
A red vehicle appears in the upper left corner and drives into the screen, followed closely by a white vehicle.
The red vehicle and the white vehicle leave the screen, and a white vehicle drives towards the upper left corner of the screen.
Several vehicles are driving out of the camera's field of view one after another
Two people came out of the lower right corner and walked towards the upper left corner
A woman in green holds something and walks to the right side of the screen to leave.
A yellow vehicle appears in the upper left corner passing by the screen and then leaves from the right side of the screen.
Several vehicles appeared on the upper side of the road passing by the road and then disappeared.
Two cars appear on the upper side of the road and drive towards the road on the right side of the screen, leaving the camera's field of view.
A woman in pink appears on the right side walking into a gray car and preparing to leave the screen.
A white car appears in the upper left corner and drives to the right side of the screen, and the gray car leaves the camera's field of view.
Several electric vehicles appear on the right side and drive towards the top of the screen. Several electric vehicles drive towards the top of the screen.
Several cars successively appeared in the upper left corner of the road passing by the screen, and then left from the right side of the screen.
Two electric vehicles appeared in the upper left corner of the road and drove away to the right side of the screen.
A blue vehicle appears in the upper left corner of the road and walks into the screen and then leaves the camera field of view from the right side of the screen.
A red electric car appears in the upper left corner of the road and drives towards the right side of the screen, leaving the camera's field of view.
A silver-white SUV appears on the right side of the road passing through the screen and then leaves the camera's field of view.
The road red pickup truck drove into the center of the screen and then left the road on the right side of the screen.
A woman in red appeared in the lower right corner of the road and walked to the shop on the right
A bag-bearing woman appears in the lower right corner of the road and walks out of the screen, then walks towards the center of the screen
Some electric vehicles appear on the right side of the road and leave at the top of the screen.
A woman in brown clothes appeared on the left side of the road, walking to the left to pack her things.
A black car appears on the road and drives to the right side of the screen and leaves the screen.
A man in white appears on the right side and walks towards the upper side of the screen and leaves the screen.
A silver car and a red car passed by on the road and then drove to the upper side of the road.
A black car appeared at the corner of the road and drove away to the lower side of the road.
A silver-white van drove past the corner of the road and stopped in front of the shop on the left side of the road.
Silver, white and black vehicles appeared on the right side of the road driving across the road towards the end of the road.
The white van slowly drove towards the lower side of the road and drove away, and the silver-white car slowly drove past the lower side of the road.
A white car drove out from the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the road. An electric car drove from the right side of the shop to the left side of the shop.
A number of electric vehicles and cars appeared on the road below and drove towards the top of the road.
A black car appeared on the road below and drove to the top of the road. Then the white car followed the black car to the end of the road.
A man in gray walks from the upper left corner to the lower right corner
The blue van drove towards the lower side of the road and drove out.
Two people in black clothes appeared on the right side of the road, talking and laughing, walking towards the left side of the road.
The silver-white car drove to the upper side of the road, and then drove away towards the end of the road.
A brown vehicle drove out of the upper left corner of the road and drove slowly towards the lower side of the road.
A black motorcycle makes a U-turn
There is a yellow car and a silver-white car on the right side of the road. They quickly drive towards the road above and then disappear from sight.
A black car appeared in the upper left corner of the road and drove quickly to the right side of the road.
The black vehicle then disappeared from the end of the field of vision, and several electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove to the upper side of the road and disappeared from the field of vision.
A blue truck appeared on the left side of the road pulling goods and drove to the right side of the road and left the field of vision.
The blue truck parked in the middle of the road drove to the right side of the road and drove away.
A silver-white car appeared on the left side of the road and drove quickly to the right side of the road and drove away.
Two people walked out of the shop on the left to chat.
There is a silver-white car and a black car in the upper left corner of the road, slowly driving to the right side of the road and driving away.
A silver-white car appeared on the right side of the road and slowly drove up the road and then drove away.
A silver-white SUV drove out on the right side of the road. In the upper left corner of the road, several electric vehicles drove to the right side of the road and rode out.
A man wearing a silver-white helmet riding an electric bicycle appeared in the upper left corner of the road and rode to the right side of the road.
On the right side of the road, there is a man in black riding a bicycle slowly towards the upper side of the road.
A white car and a brown car drove into the right side of the road and slowly stopped in the middle of the road.
A black electric car drove out of the intersection on the left side of the road and headed down the road, then disappeared from sight.
A yellow car appeared at the intersection and drove across the road and then left in sight.
A man in black and two men in blue appeared on the lower side of the intersection, riding slowly towards the center of the intersection.
Several electric vehicles pass by on the left side of the intersection
A woman wearing a black coat crosses the road
A yellow car drove out of the upper left corner of the road and then drove out from the right side of the road.
Two men appeared on the upper side of the road and walked to the right side of the road to leave. A man in red and a woman in black appeared on the lower right side of the road and crossed the road.
On the road, the man in red and the woman in black walked to the left side of the road, talking and laughing, and walked out.
There are several vehicles on the left side of the intersection passing through the intersection and then leaving the field of view.
Three electric vehicles drove into the road, passed the middle of the road, and then left from the right side of the road.
An electric car appears on the right side of the road and drives away above the road.
A man in red appeared on the left side of the road riding an electric car and drove to the lower side of the road and left.
A blue truck appeared in the upper left corner of the road. The blue truck passed through the middle of the road and left from the right side of the road.
An electric car appeared in the upper left corner of the road, passed through the middle of the road, and then left from the right side of the road.
An electric vehicle appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the road to leave.
A white car passed the middle of the road on the right side of the road and then left.
A black car drove out from the right side of the road and headed towards the upper side of the road.
There was a gray car on the upper side of the road passing through the middle of the road and then leaving from the lower side of the road.
An electric vehicle appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the road to leave.
There are two electric vehicles on the left side of the road leaving from the right side of the road.
A white car drove from the upper side of the road to the right side of the road and left. At the same time, a blue truck appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the center of the road.
Several vehicles passed through the middle of the road. One of the white cars flashed double and then left the upper side of the road. The blue truck left the upper side of the road.
Five electric vehicles passed through the middle of the road and then left from the upper side of the road.
A man in black appears on the right side of the road and takes a child towards the center of the road.
There is a purple vehicle passing by in the upper left corner of the road, and a yellow vehicle appears on the right side of the road heading up the road.
There are three electric vehicles passing by the middle of the road in the upper left corner of the road.
Two silver-white vehicles appeared on the right side of the road and drove up the road.
A black vehicle appeared on the right side of the road and drove towards the center of the road. A silver-white car passed by in the upper left corner of the road.
A white car appeared on the left side of the road and then left the upper side of the road.
A white car appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the road to leave.
A white car appeared on the right side of the road and drove towards the center of the road.
A gray car and a black car appeared on the right side of the road heading up the road.
Four electric vehicles appeared on the left side of the road and left from the right side of the road.
A man wearing a white helmet riding an electric bicycle appeared on the upper side of the road and left from the right side of the road.
Two black cars appeared on the right side of the road and drove towards the upper side of the road.
A brown SUV appeared on the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road to leave.
A man riding a bicycle appeared on the left side of the road and left from the right side of the road.
A red electric car appears in the upper left corner of the road and drives to the right side of the road.
There are five electric vehicles and three cars passing the road in the upper left corner of the road.
A black vehicle appears on the right side of the road and drives to the upper side of the road. A man riding a bicycle in the upper left corner of the road rides to the right side of the road.
Two cars appeared on the right side of the road and drove towards the upper side of the road, and an electric car drove towards the center of the road.
A green car appeared in the upper left corner of the road and drove to the right side of the road to leave.
A white car appears in the upper left corner of the road and drives to the right side of the road
A yellow car appears in the upper left corner of the road and drives to the right side of the road to leave.
A cyclist wearing white clothes appears in the upper left corner of the road and rides to the right side of the road to leave.
A white vehicle appeared on the right side of the road heading up the road, and a black hat man appeared on the left side of the road.
A car appeared in the upper left corner of the road and drove to the right side of the road.
A white vehicle appears in the center of the road and drives towards the upper side of the road
There are several electric vehicles and cyclists passing through the middle of the road.
A woman in white coat appeared in the center of the road and slowly passed the road.
A gray SUV appears on the right side of the road, and a white vehicle appears on the upper side of the road.
The white vehicle on the left side of the road leaves from the right side of the road
Many cars and electric vehicles of different colors drove in from above the road and left below the road.
A silver-white vehicle appeared in the upper left corner of the road and then left from the right side of the road.
A man on a bicycle appeared on the right side of the road and then left from the upper side of the road.
Two cars appeared on the right side of the road and then left from the top of the road.
There is a silver-gray vehicle on the upper side of the road passing through the middle of the road and leaving from the right.
A brown car appeared on the right side of the road and drove to the upper side of the road, and a man in white appeared on the left side of the road.
The man in white left the road, and then five electric vehicles left.
A black car appeared on the upper side of the road and walked to the lower side of the road and then left.
Three cars appeared in the upper left corner of the road and drove towards the road and left from the right
The man in blue walked out and walked quickly to the upper side.
A woman wearing white clothes appears on the right and walks into the store on the right.
The man in black clothes walked down.
The woman carrying a backpack walked into the store and looked at the things in the store.
There are shops on both sides of a commercial street, and there are some products at the entrance of each store.
A man appeared at the end of the corridor and walked towards the lower side of the shop
A woman in white walked out of the store door and then walked out across the intersection.
A man in black appeared above the store and was about to enter the store to buy something.
The man in black walked out of the store, took something and walked out of the screen.
The man in black walked up to the store, and then he walked back into the store
In a room, two people are sitting on the sofa, resting and talking, and several people are standing outside the door
The man in red and the man in white are talking in the room, and several people are walking back and forth outside the door.
A man in gray enters the room and then walks out of the camera range
Two people outside the door were walking back and forth, and two people in the room were sitting on the sofa talking.
A man in plaid clothes walked outside the door, and finally left the camera's field of view, and the two of them looked into the distance outside the door.
The man in plaid clothes walked back and forth with his hands behind his back, and several people outside the door began to exercise.
Three people stood outside the door and looked into the distance, and several more people came to talk to them.
A man in striped clothes enters the room and then leaves the camera's field of view
Several people were busy outside the door, and a man in blue stood at the door.
Several people were talking outside the door, and a man in a jacket entered the room.
The man in striped clothes came into view and came to the door of the room. The man in jacket walked beside him and talked with several people outside the door.
All the people entered the room and followed the man in striped clothes to the lower right corner of the camera.
Several people were talking in the room, a man in rice clothes was gesticulating, and a man in a jacket was talking to him
Everyone walked out of the room and talked outside the door
A man in white leaves the room and walks toward the door. The man in a jacket leans on the counter. The man in blue approaches the window and looks out the window.
The man in red on the sofa got up and walked out of the room with the man in the jacket. The man in blue was next to the door. Several people came to the door and talked with several people outside.
A woman in white walked to the door to check and then returned
Several people outside the door continued to talk. Several people appeared in the room talking to people outside the door. The man in white got up and talked to the people in the room.
Several people walked out of the back room and dispersed to talk.
Several people walked into the store
Several people came in and out of the room, a man in white, a man in stripes, talking to a man in black, a man in white and a man in yellow.
Several people outside the door continued to talk. The man in red entered the room and looked at the crowd outside the door.
The man in the jacket appeared in the camera and talked with several people in the room. A woman in blue talked with the man in the jacket and then came to the door.
The man in red walked inside and left the camera's field of view. Several people outside the door continued to talk. The woman in blue came to the counter to write something, and the man in the jacket leaned against the table.
The man in blue walked to the counter. Several people in the room walked towards the door, followed closely by the man in blue.
The woman in yellow clothes walked out of the door and talked with several people outside the door. The man in rice clothes in the room walked out of the room and talked with several people outside the door.
Then the man in rice clothes returned to the room and left the camera field of view, and the man in stripes clothes walked out of the room and came to the door.
The man in the jacket walked back and forth in the room and then left the camera's field of view. Several people in the room walked towards the door. A woman in white talked with the man in the jacket.
The woman in white leaves the camera view, and the man in the jacket leans on the counter
Two men in the room quickly left the room and walked out of the door. The man in the jacket went out to watch, and then returned to the room. A woman in white entered the room and left the camera view.
A woman in a skirt walks out of the room, and a man in a jacket makes a phone call and walks back and forth in the room
A woman in white looks at the crowd outside the door, the woman in skirt returns to the room and finally leaves the camera view, and the man in jacket returns to the counter
The woman in skirt walks out the door again, and the man in jacket talks to the woman in blue
An old man followed the woman in white and the woman in skirt into the room and then left the camera field of view. The man in red walked out of the door.
The man in blue made a call, and the man in jacket walked to the door and looked at the crowd outside.
The man in the jacket walked back and forth, the woman in black and the man in blue returned to the room, and the woman in blue walked towards the counter
Two men in white in the room walked towards the door, and the woman in black walked towards the woman in blue to talk to them
Several people in the room stood still. The woman in black left the camera, and the man in stripes came to the woman in blue.
The man in the jacket walked to the sofa and sat down. After talking, the man in striped clothes walked towards the door. The woman in skirt walked out of the door and then walked towards the woman in blue.
Then the woman in the skirt walked into the room and left the camera. Two men outside the door walked into the room and left the camera.
The man in white enters the room and returns to the sofa. The woman in skirt walks out of the room, and then the man in white leaves the view of the camera.
Two men in the room walked out of the room, and the woman in skirt walked into the room
The woman in blue leaned on the counter and made a phone call. The man in the jacket got up and left the room. Several people in the room walked out of the door.
The man in white looked at the crowd outside the door, and then walked outside. A man in white walked into the room and then left the camera.
The woman in blue walked to the door and talked with the people outside.
A woman in white clothes walks out of the room, and the woman in blue returns to the room and then leaves the camera
The two men returned to the room and then walked out of the room, and the woman in blue walked out of the room
Two men push a cart into the room and leave the camera. Several people outside the door enter the room.
The man in white left the room, and several men stood in the room
Two men pulled out of the door and tripped a man in white. Several people came forward to help him. The man in white got up and punched but was dodged. A man in white came over to talk to him.
The man in white walks back and forth in the room, and a woman in white enters the room and then leaves the camera
The man in white placed the sofa, and the two entered the room to talk to him
The man in white points to the ground, and a man in blue walks into the room and leaves the camera
Several people entered the room and talked with the man in white, and then led the man in white out of the room
A man in white entered the room with a mop and then started mopping the floor
The man in striped clothes stepped back while holding his mobile phone, and then the man in red clothes entered the room to take pictures
The two people entered the room and then left the camera field of view. The man in white mopping the floor left the room.
The man in striped clothes leaves the camera, the man in blue enters the room and leaves the camera, the man in white comes back and puts the mop into the yellow car and then leaves the camera
The man in blue walks out of the room, the man in the jacket walks into the room and then leaves the camera
The two people walked out of the room, and the woman in black looked out the door.
The woman in black walked out, the man in blue took out his mobile phone to take pictures of the crowd outside, the man in jacket and the man in striped clothes walked out
The man in white appears in the camera and then takes the mop away from the camera.
The man in white continued to mop the floor. The man in striped clothes entered the room and then walked out of the room. The woman in black entered the room.
The man in striped clothes enters the room and leaves the camera. The man in white clothes puts the mop into the yellow car and rinses it.
The man in blue looked at the crowd outside the door, and the man in white rinsed the mop and continued to mop the floor.
The woman in black leaves the room, the man in blue makes a phone call and walks back and forth, the man in blue outside the door walks into the room and leaves the camera, the man in stripes walks out of the room
The man in blue left the room and then entered the room. The man in white mopped the floor and walked out of the room.
The man in blue started to make a call, and then went to the counter to look for items. The man in white took the mop and returned to the yellow car to continue rinsing.
The man in white continued to mop the floor. A man in black entered the room, and the man in white went to mop the floor outside the room.
The man in black walked back and forth in the room, and the man in white returned to the room and continued mopping the floor.
The man in black is making a call on the side, the man in white continues to mop the floor, and then pulls the yellow car away from the camera
The man in black makes a phone call in the lower right corner and then leaves the camera
On a road, a man riding a bicycle from above is heading towards the road below
The camera starts to move up, then turns left
The camera turns left again and moves up, illuminating the group of cars on the highway in the upper left corner
The camera moves again to bring all the roads into view
Several vehicles passed by the road, and then the camera began to move
A car below enters the road on the right, and the camera zooms to a gray car on the left
The camera moves up and then the screen switches
Several vehicles are driving on a highway, then the camera moves and several vehicles stop at the intersection
Several vehicles drive towards the road below, the camera moves with the group of vehicles
Then the camera zooms in, and two cars drive towards the road below. The camera moves to the previous road, and several vehicles pass by.
The two cars above are driving towards the road on the right, and the camera starts to move with the two cars.
Then the camera moves to the white building, and then moves to the road again to zoom in on the vehicle
In the residential area, a pedestrian walks to the right on the left road, the camera moves with it, and the pedestrian walks to the pavilion on the right
A car is driving towards the highway above. The camera follows the car until it turns left.
The lens enlarges the field of view, a pedestrian on the left is walking towards the left road
A man in blue clothes below is riding a bicycle towards the left road
A man in black walks towards the road above, the camera follows the man in black
In a supermarket, a customer leaves the supermarket with a bag
A customer walked by at the end of the supermarket
A customer in pink leaves the supermarket with a bag
A bearded customer put down the red box and then walked into the left side of the supermarket again
The bearded customer leaves the supermarket with a bag
A customer passed by at the end of the supermarket, and a customer passed through the shelf again
Several customers passed through the supermarket shelves and then left the camera
A blond female customer was talking on the left side of the supermarket, and then left the supermarket holding items.
A woman in blue entered the supermarket, then picked up the car and walked to the right side of the supermarket
Two men enter the supermarket and then leave the camera
A man in white enters the supermarket, a man and a woman leave the supermarket
An old man came to the end of the supermarket, then turned right and walked out of the camera range
An old man enters the supermarket, and a man in striped clothes enters the shelf on the right
The man in white leaves the supermarket, and the man in stripes walks to the shelf on the left
The man in striped clothes walks to the left and leaves the camera
A man and a woman enter the supermarket and go to the left to pick up the shopping cart
An old man in green carried a box and walked straight into the supermarket and then turned left and entered the shelf.
A woman in purple leaves the supermarket, and a customer walks into the left shelf at the camera
Two men and a woman on the phone left the supermarket
A customer came to the end and looked around, then walked to the left
A woman in white leaves the supermarket
A man in green put the red box into the pile of boxes and then walked to the left side of the supermarket
A man in gray clothes entered the supermarket and walked straight to the end of the supermarket
A man in green leaves the supermarket
The man in gray clothes approached the camera, took an item from the shelf and walked to the left side of the supermarket
A customer enters the store and walks to the right of the supermarket
A woman in black walked straight into the supermarket and observed the shelves along the way
A fat woman in black took the red box and went straight into the supermarket, putting the items on the shelves into the red box
A man leaves the supermarket and a man in white enters the supermarket
The man in white walked straight into the end of the supermarket, took the items and went to the first row of shelves in the supermarket, and then walked to the left
A man in gray clothes entered the supermarket and walked to the left
A man in white leaves the supermarket with a bag
A woman in black walked straight into the end of the supermarket with two children and a red box.
A man appeared on the shelf. The man observed the items on the shelf and selected them. Several people passed by the camera. After selecting, the man walked out of the shelf and walked to the left.
A woman in plaid clothes appeared from the shelf on the right and walked towards the left
A woman in white entered the supermarket, walked straight to the end of the supermarket and then turned left
A man in red on the right side of the supermarket walked to the left, got the paper and then walked to the right
A man in colorful clothes and a blonde woman leave the supermarket with a cart
A man in red on the right walks to the left
Three children and a woman in black walk to the left
A woman with two children appears in the camera view and then enters the shelf
A man in gray clothes leaves the supermarket with a bag
A man in a shirt walked straight into the end of the supermarket
The woman in black took two children to pick something and then walked to the checkout counter.
The man in colorful clothes came to the supermarket to return the cart and then left the supermarket. The woman in black walked to the left with two children.
A man in striped clothes left the supermarket, and several people passed by around the supermarket shelves.
There are two people selecting products on the shelf
A woman in black and a man in blue entered the supermarket. After briefly stopping at the camera, the woman in black walked to the left, and the man in blue walked straight to the shelves.
The woman in black returns to the camera and waits, and the person picking items in the distance walks to the left
A woman in black left the supermarket with three children
The woman in black walked to the left, and several customers were shuttled back and forth on the shelves.
A woman in black left the supermarket with two children
A man in gray leaves the supermarket
A man in white walked straight into the supermarket carrying a red box. A woman in black put the red box into the pile of boxes, and then stood there.
The man in the shirt left the supermarket, and the woman in black walked to the left side of the supermarket
A man in gray clothes walked into the supermarket shelf with a child, then returned to the box pile to pick up a box before entering the end of the supermarket
Two women in black left the supermarket
A woman in yellow and a woman in green walked straight into the supermarket shelf
A woman in colorful clothes walked straight into the supermarket shelf to select items, and then turned into the inside of the shelf
A boy in white led a dog and a child in pink into the supermarket, waiting at the entrance
Two people and a dog walked to the right, and the woman in black and the man in blue left the supermarket.
The woman in colorful clothes walked from the shelf, then turned left, the woman in yellow left the supermarket, and the boy in white appeared on the right side of the camera
The boy in white leads the dog to the right side of the supermarket
A woman in floral clothes and a woman in white leave the supermarket
A man in red on the left walks to the right of the supermarket
A woman in yellow entered the supermarket and walked to the left
A man in black and a woman in black walked straight into the supermarket shelf
The woman in pink and the woman in green leave the supermarket
The man in black and the woman in black are talking and selecting items
A woman in blue and a woman in white walked into the supermarket and then walked to the left
A man in white walked out of the shelf and then walked to the left side of the supermarket
A man in gray clothes entered the supermarket carrying a red box and walked to the left
The man in white put the items back on the shelf and then walked out of the shelf and walked to the left
A child in yellow on the right runs to the left
A customer in blue entered the supermarket and walked to the left. The man in black and the woman in black were still selecting items.
The man in black and the woman in black walked into the back of the shelf
The man in white leaves the supermarket
The man in blue leaves the supermarket
The woman in yellow on the right walks to the left of the supermarket
A woman in purple and a woman in black entered the supermarket. A woman in pink entered the supermarket with a child. The woman in purple took the red box, and the woman in black walked to the right.
The woman in purple put down the red box and pushed the cart to the right. During this period, a customer left the supermarket, and the woman in pink walked into the shelf with her child.
The woman in yellow leaves the supermarket
The purple-clothed womans cart came from the right and entered the first row of shelves.
A woman in white appears on the left side of the camera, and then leaves the supermarket with a woman in blue
The woman in pink walks through the shelves to the left, and a woman in black appears on the left side of the camera
A man in red came to the end of the supermarket and walked to the left
The woman in black and the man in black leave the supermarket
A woman in white entered the supermarket, then walked to the left, passing by the woman in pink.
The man in red walks from the left towards the end of the supermarket
A woman in purple entered the supermarket and then walked to the left
The man in red walked out of the shelf and walked to the left. During this period, several customers shuttled back and forth on the shelf.
A woman appears at the end, walks towards the camera, then turns right and enters the inside of the shelf
A woman in white leaves the supermarket
Several people shuttled between the shelves on both sides, and the man in red on the left walked to the right
The woman in pink on the right walks to the left
A woman in red puts a red box into the pile of boxes, and the woman in purple leaves the supermarket
The woman in red puts the box into the pile of boxes again
The man in red on the right goes to the left. After talking to someone, he goes to the right. The woman in pink goes to the left.
The woman in red on the left went to the right. Several customers appeared at the end. The woman in red walked back to the left again.
A man in black and a woman in black took a child into the supermarket and walked to the left. At the end, several customers looked at the items on the left and right shelves.
A yellow-haired woman approached the supermarket, paused briefly and then walked to the right. Several customers were shuttled back and forth on the shelves.
A man in black pushed a shopping cart forward, and finally stopped in front of a shelf
A woman in black entered the supermarket and walked straight to the shelf at the end to get items.
A woman in black turned around and walked to the left after taking the items
The man in white walks to the left side of the supermarket
A man in black stopped at the shelf, then returned to the end shelf, and a woman left the supermarket
Several customers are shuttled between the shelves, and several customers on the right are walking or pushing carts to the left
The man in black put the cart back into the pile of carts, and then the man in black left the supermarket
A man walks from the right to the left
A woman in flowery pants enters the supermarket
The woman in colorful trousers bent down and put down her backpack and then fumbled around. A woman in pink clothes appeared on the left side of the camera, with a child beside her.
On the left, the woman in purple leaves the supermarket with her children and another woman in purple. The woman in flower pants continues to fumble in her backpack.
After groping, the woman in flower pants put on her backpack
A man in white on the left left the supermarket talking and laughing.
The woman with flowery pants tidied up and walked to the left
A yellow-haired woman on the right walked to the left and then stopped on the left side of the camera
A man in green entered the supermarket and walked to the left. A woman in colorful clothes entered the supermarket on the left carrying a red box. The man in red on the right walked to the left.
The man in red on the left was talking to the woman in flowery trousers. The man in red took out a pen and paper and was writing something. Then the man in red and the woman in flowery trousers walked to the right side of the supermarket.
A woman in white entered the supermarket, walked to the end shelf, then turned left and entered the inside of the shelf
The yellow-haired woman leaves the supermarket
A woman in colorful clothes entered the supermarket and walked straight to the end to look at the shelves
The woman in black on the left is waiting with the child at the pile of boxes. The woman in black hands the items in her hands to the child.
The woman in black stroked the child's head, and then the two left the supermarket with the man in black
The woman in flowery trousers on the right walks into the camera view, followed by the man in red. Then the man in red returns to the right, and the woman in flowery trousers walks straight into the end shelf to observe the items on the shelf.
The man in red on the right walks to the end shelf and talks to the woman in flower pants
A customer enters the supermarket and then turns right into the shelf
The woman in flower pants turns into the inside of the shelf, the man in red walks out of the shelf and walks to the right, and the woman in white jumps left and right on the left side of the camera
The woman in white came to the cart pile. Two customers on the right walked to the left. Then the woman in white walked to the end and turned left into the shelf.
The man in red on the right walks to the left
A customer walks through the shelf
A woman in colorful clothes leaves the supermarket
The man in green leaves the supermarket
A woman in black entered the supermarket and walked to the left
Several customers passed by the shelves at the end, and the man in red on the right left the supermarket.
A woman in white and a boy in green enter the supermarket and go to the left. The woman in white and the woman in flower pants on the right go to the left.
The man in red entered the supermarket and walked to the right
The man in red on the right walks to the left
A woman in colorful clothes leaves the supermarket with a bag
The man in red returns to the right
The woman in white leaves the supermarket with a bag
The woman in flower pants left the supermarket with her bag, and a customer entered the supermarket and walked to the right
A man in blue entered the supermarket, then turned left to the inside of the shelf
The boy in green appears standing on the left side of the camera
The boy in green fidgets with his hands, puts his hands on the cart pile, and holds the bottle with the other hand. During this period, several customers are shuttled on both sides of the shelves.
The boy in green and the woman in white leave the supermarket
A girl in red enters the supermarket and walks to the right
A man in plaid clothes entered the supermarket and touched the items on the right shelf with his hand, and the girl in red touched the items on the shelf next to the shelf.
Then the man in green walked to the end of the supermarket to observe the left and right shelves, followed closely by the girl in red
The woman in black leaves the supermarket
The man in red on the right is walking to the left with paper in his hand
The girl in red returned to the right shelf to inspect the items, then walked to the left
The man in red on the left returns to the right
A man leaves the supermarket, and the man in plaid clothes on the right walks to the left
A woman in white and a woman in black entered the supermarket and walked straight to the shelf at the end. A man in blue walked opposite them and then turned left. Two women were on the right. Picking items on the shelf
Two women selected items. A woman in black entered the supermarket and walked directly to the shelf near the two women to select items.
Three people went back and forth to inspect the shelves, during which a woman in black left the supermarket
The man in red on the right pushes the truck to the left, and the three women continue to select items on the shelves.
A man in blue entered the supermarket and walked to the left
A man in blue holding a red box and a man in white entered the supermarket and walked straight into the end shelf
The man in plaid and the girl in red left the supermarket, and the three women walked out of the shelves and walked to the left
The man in blue and the man in white then walked out of the shelf and walked to the right
A woman in black left the supermarket, and then a man in blue left the supermarket with a bag.
Two men in white entered the supermarket, and then they walked to the shelf on the right
A woman in white leaves the supermarket
A man in black and a woman in black entered the supermarket and went straight to the shelves
A customer leaves the supermarket
A man in white leaves the supermarket
The woman in black walked to the shelf on the right and then turned into the inside of the shelf. The man in black stood there.
A man in blue walks to the left
A woman in black on the right walks to the left of the supermarket
The man in black walked out of the shelf and walked to the left. Behind him was a man in blue carrying a red box.
A man in white walks from the shelf in the center of the camera and finally goes to the inside of the shelf on the right
The man in black and the woman in black leave the supermarket
The man in white on the left walks to the shelf on the right, then the man in white carries the box from the shelf on the right to the left, followed closely by a man in white in the center of the camera stop
The man in blue left the supermarket with his bag. The man in white came to the cart pile and put his hand on the cart, then walked to the left
A man in stripes entered the supermarket and walked to the right, and a man in white left the supermarket
A man in white leaves the supermarket, and a woman in purple walks to the right side of the supermarket
The man in striped clothes on the right walks to the center of the camera and then walks straight into the central shelf and selects the items on the left shelf
The man in striped clothes carefully selects items, the woman in purple on the right walks to the left, and a woman in red enters the supermarket and walks to the left of the supermarket
A man in striped clothes is picking items on the left shelf. A man in striped clothes enters the supermarket and goes straight to the end of the shelf. Then he turns right and enters the shelf. A man in red clothes leaves with a package. supermarket
After selecting the items, the man in striped clothes walked out of the shelf and walked to the left side of the supermarket. A man came from the end of the supermarket, and then returned and turned into the right shelf.
The man in red enters the supermarket and walks to the left. The man in striped clothes leaves the supermarket. The man in white on the right carries a bag and walks to the left.
The man in white leaves the supermarket with a bag, and the woman in purple leaves the supermarket
The man in red put the cart back into the cart pile and then walked to the right side of the supermarket. Then he pushed a cart and put it into the cart pile and returned to the right side again.
The man in red walked from the right to the left of the supermarket, and then left the supermarket
A woman in pink clothes entered the supermarket and walked straight to the end shelf. Then she turned left and entered the shelf. Another woman in pink clothes followed closely and walked straight to the end of the supermarket. A man Entering the supermarket with a child and walking to the left
The man in red carries the child into the supermarket and walks to the left. Then the man in red stands on the left side of the camera and leaves the camera. The man in red returns to the pile of carts and meets people talking
The man in red walks to the left side of the supermarket, a woman in pink leaves the supermarket with a bag, and a man in white walks from the left to the center and talks to the man in red
Then the two walked to the left side of the supermarket. The man in white walked to the center of the camera and then went straight to the end of the supermarket to observe the shelves on the left.
The man in red is walking back and forth on the left side of the camera. A woman in a blue skirt enters the supermarket and walks to the left. The man in red is walking back and forth on the left side of the camera.
Two customers in white walk towards the end of the supermarket. The man in red walks back and forth in the center of the camera, talking and laughing. The man in white carries the items and walks out of the shelf to the left. Two customers in white clothes followed closely behind
A customer in pink leaves the supermarket, the man in red smiles at the pile of carts, and the woman in blue skirt leaves the supermarket
The man in red walked to the left side of the supermarket, then returned to the camera's field of view, fighting with two customers in white, and one customer in white went to the left side of the supermarket
Then the customer in white walked to the right and observed the items on the right shelf with another customer in white. The man in red leaned on the cart and piled it in the lower left corner of the camera.
The man in red put his hand on the white railing, then walked to the right and started to fight with two customers in white
A man in red and a customer in white walk back to the center of the camera to talk. The customer in white on the right touches the items on the shelf with his hands.
Then two customers in white ran to the right side of the supermarket together and left the camera's field of view. The man in red took out his mobile phone to play with it.
The man in red then walked to the right side of the supermarket. A customer in the central shelf walked to the left shelf. The man in white walked to the door of the supermarket with a bag. A customer in white put the items in his hand Put it in the bag of the man in white
Two customers in white left the supermarket with the man in white, followed by the man in red. A girl in floral clothes and a girl in red and white entered the supermarket and walked to the left side of the supermarket.
The two then walked to the center of the supermarket and walked straight to the end of the supermarket and then disappeared from the camera. A woman in black on the right was carrying a bag and walking to the left side of the supermarket.
The man in red entered the supermarket and walked to the left. Two girls walked from the right shelf to the left shelf.
A man in black entered the supermarket and walked to the left, and a woman walked from the right to the left of the supermarket
The man in red went from the left to the right side of the supermarket, and then returned to the left. A woman went from the right to the left side of the supermarket.
A man in black left the supermarket carrying a bag. The man in black left the supermarket. A man in black entered the supermarket with a child and walked straight to the end.
A woman left the supermarket, a woman in red entered the supermarket and walked straight to the end of the supermarket, two girls left the supermarket
The woman in red is selecting items from the shelf on the right at the end. Several customers pass by her, and the woman in red walks to the inside of the shelf on the left.
A child appears on the left side of the camera, then leaves the camera's field of view, and reappears to observe the items on the left shelf
A man in gray enters the supermarket and walks to the left. The man in black leaves the supermarket with a child.
The woman in red left the supermarket. A woman and a man in black entered the supermarket and walked straight into the shelves to observe the items on the left shelf.
After selecting the items, the two walked towards the end and turned into the left side of the shelf. The man in gray on the right walked towards the left side of the supermarket.
Several vehicles passed by on a highway, and a yellow truck stopped at the intersection
The straight line of the vertical road passes. The vehicle turning left is waiting, and several vehicles pass by it.
Left-turning vehicles pass on the vertical road, and the yellow truck drives to the right road
Vehicles in the straight direction of the transverse road pass, and vehicles in other directions wait.
Left-turning vehicles on the transverse road pass, and vehicles in other directions wait.
The straight line of the vertical road passes, and vehicles in other directions wait.
A yellow taxi drove from the straight line to the left turn line and stopped next to the white car. Several vehicles passed by the road.
The left turn line of the vertical road is passing, and the other vehicles are waiting.
The transverse lane passes straight through, a truck dragging an excavator and several cars passed by
The left turn line of the transverse lane passes, several vehicles pass by, and the vehicles in the remaining lanes wait
The straight line of the vertical lane passes, several vehicles pass by, and the vehicles in the remaining lanes wait
A red and white bus stopped in front of the intersection, several vehicles passed the road, and several vehicles on the right stopped at the intersection
The left turn line of the vertical lane passes, a number of vehicles drive to the horizontal lane, and the vehicles in the remaining lanes wait
The straight line for horizontal vehicles passes. There is a truck, a bus and several cars waiting in the upper lane.
The left turn line of the transverse lane passes, several vehicles pass by, and the vehicles in the remaining lanes wait
The vertical lane goes straight, and vehicles in other directions wait.
Left-turn vehicles pass on the vertical road, and a truck pulling a red trailer drives out
The straight lane of the cross road passes. Several vehicles and motorcycles pass by. Vehicles in the remaining lanes are waiting.
The left turn lane of the horizontal road is passing. Several vehicles and motorcycles are passing by. Vehicles in other lanes are waiting.
The vertical lane goes straight, and there is a large truck and several cars waiting for the left turn line of the vertical lane.
Vehicles waiting in the upper lane turn left, and the remaining lanes wait
Several vehicles waiting in the straight line of the cross lane depart, and vehicles in other directions wait.
A bus exits the left lane and waits in the left turn lane
The left turn line of the transverse lane passes, several vehicles pass by, and the vehicles in the remaining lanes wait
Vertical lane straight line passes, vehicles in other directions wait
Vertical lane left turn line passes, vehicles in other directions wait
Horizontal vehicles pass in the straight line, and vehicles in other directions wait.
There is a silver-white vehicle making a U-turn in the left turn lane of the road on the right
Vehicles on the left turn line of the horizontal road pass, and vehicles on other roads wait.
The vertical lane goes straight, and vehicles in other directions wait.
The left turn line of the vertical lane passes, and vehicles in other directions wait.
The transverse lane goes straight, and vehicles in other directions wait.
The left turn line of the cross lane passes, and vehicles in other directions wait.
There is a car in the upper right turn lane turning right to the left road
The vehicle above is driving toward the road below, and several vehicles below are driving toward the highway above.
Several vehicles on the right stopped at the intersection, several vehicles above drove to the left road and the road below, and several vehicles below drove to the road above.
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
There are three cars in the right lane and turn right into the upper lane
The through lane of the cross road passes, and the remaining road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the cross road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The straight lane of the vertical road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The group of vehicles on the right stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road. Several vehicles on the left drove to the right road.
Vehicles turning left in the cross lane pass, and other road vehicles wait
Through vehicles on vertical roads pass, and other road vehicles wait
There are many vehicles above and turn right to the left road.
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The through lane of the transverse road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the cross road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The straight lane of the vertical road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The through lane of the transverse road passes, and other road vehicles wait
There are several vehicles on the road above turning right to the road on the left
The left turn lane of the transverse road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The straight lane of the vertical road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
There are several vehicles on the road above turning right to the road on the left
The through lane of the transverse road passes, and other road vehicles wait
There is a yellow vehicle on the left road and drives next to the white car in the left turn lane
The left turn lane of the transverse road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The straight lane of the vertical road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The through lane of the transverse road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the cross road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The straight lane of the vertical road is passing, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The through lane of the cross road passes, and the remaining road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the transverse road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The straight lane of the vertical road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the vertical road is open, and other road vehicles are waiting.
The through lane of the transverse road passes, and other road vehicles wait
The left turn lane of the cross road passes, and the remaining road vehicles wait
The video screen is black and white. A car on the road on the left side of the video appears from the top of the video and then disappears from the bottom of the video. There is a white jeep parked in the middle of the video.
A car drives into the road on the left side of the video from below the video and disappears from the top of the video
A door on the right side of the video was blown open by the wind and then closed again
A car on the road on the left side of the video appears from the bottom of the video and leaves from the top of the video
A car on the road on the left side of the video appears from below the video and leaves from the top of the video. The door on the right side of the video is blown open again, and many leaves fly in front of the camera.
Many windows in the video were blown off by the strong wind, and one fell on the roof of the white jeep. It rained heavily in the video.
A car appears on the left side of the video, and there is a lot of rainwater flowing through the lens.
After the car on the left side of the video turns right, go straight to the bottom of the video
At an intersection, there are many cars heading towards the upper side of the screen and are blocked there.
Vehicles on the upper side of the screen pass through the intersection one after another and drive towards the lower side of the screen.
A red bus appears on the upper side of the screen passing the intersection, and several people on the right side of the screen are riding bicycles towards the lower left corner of the screen.
The vehicles on the right side of the screen turn towards the upper left corner of the screen one after another.
A blue truck on the right side of the screen drives towards the bottom of the screen.
Vehicles in the lower left corner of the screen drive towards the upper right corner of the screen one after another.
A red bus appears in the lower left corner of the screen and drives to the right side of the screen.
The vehicles on the upper side of the screen move toward the lower side of the screen and leave the screen.
The vehicles on the right side of the screen scattered towards the upper left corner of the screen, and then left the screen.
The vehicles on the right side of the screen are driving towards the upper left corner of the screen one after another.
The red man plays with the camera and moves towards the left side of the screen.
Two people stand in the center of the screen
A man in red appears on the right side of the screen.
A man in blue and a woman in red walked out of the depth of the screen and walked towards the left side of the screen.
The man on the left side of the screen walks towards the center of the screen to communicate with the woman in pink.
The man in red walks to the left side of the screen to get something on the ground.
The man in red walks to the left side of the screen and then appears from the right side of the screen.
The woman in pink stands in the center of the screen, holding something and preparing to walk to the left side of the screen.
The man in red looks deep into the screen, and the woman in pink looks towards the right side of the screen.
The woman in pink in the center of the screen walks to the right side of the screen to communicate with the man in red
A bunch of men holding flags appeared on the right side of the screen and walked from the right side of the screen to the center of the screen.
Several cars drove out of the depth of the screen, and the man in red looked to the right side of the screen.
Several silver-white cars appear on the right side of the screen and drive towards the depth of the screen.
A woman in pink appears on the right side of the screen and walks towards the depth of the screen, then leaves.
The woman in pink and the man in red are communicating with each other on the left side of the screen.
The woman in pink walks to the center of the screen and looks towards the bottom of the screen.
A woman with a child appears in the center of the screen, leading the child to the left side of the screen.
Vehicles appear one after another on the right side of the screen, driving towards the center of the screen and then towards the depth of the screen.
The man in red looks to the right side of the screen, and the woman in pink stands in the center of the screen and looks to the right side of the screen.
A red truck appears on the right side of the screen, driving towards the center of the screen and leaving the screen.
A succession of red trucks appear on the right side of the screen passing by, and then leave deep in the center of the screen.
The woman in pink clothes walks to the right side of the screen while picking up something.
The woman in pink walked back to the center of the screen and looked to the lower side of the screen. A red truck appeared on the right side of the screen.
The red truck drives away from the right side of the screen towards the center of the screen.
A vehicle appears on the right side of the screen, and the woman in black walks towards the right side of the screen.
The woman in black walks to the right side of the screen, picks up something, and walks back to the center of the screen.
The woman in pink looks to the bottom of the screen, and the man in red looks to the right of the screen.
Several vehicles appear on the right side of the screen and move towards the center of the screen and then drive towards the depth of the screen.
A truck appears on the right side of the screen, the man in red stands on the right side of the screen, and the woman in pink stands in the center of the screen.
A truck appears on the right side of the screen and drives towards the center of the screen.
The woman in pink looked at the truck, which was driving towards the center of the screen.
A woman in blue appears on the right side of the screen with her child walking toward the center of the screen.
The woman in pink bent over to pick up something, and the woman in black bent over to pick up something.
A group of people appeared on the right side of the screen and walked towards the center of the screen, and then moved towards the depth of the screen.
A vehicle appears on the screen, in the center of the screen.
A man in green appears on the left side of the screen and walks towards the center of the screen and leaves the screen.
The man in gray walks out of the center of the screen, walks to the left side of the screen, and then leaves the screen.
Several cars appear on the right side of the screen and pass through the screen one after another and then leave the screen.
The man in red appears on the left side of the screen and picks up the black things on the ground.
Several cars pass by on the right side of the screen and drive towards the center of the screen, and the man in red appears on the right side of the screen.
The woman in black in the center of the screen picks up something and then walks back to the center of the screen.
A yellow pickup truck appears on the right side of the screen and drives towards the center of the screen and then towards the depth of the screen.
A black pickup truck appears on the right side of the screen and drives towards the center of the screen. The woman in pink looks towards the lower side of the screen.
The black pickup truck drives towards the depth of the screen, and the woman in black bends down to pick up something.
The woman in black walks back to the center of the screen and looks to the right side of the screen.
A black jeep appears on the screen driving towards the center of the screen, and the man in red looks to the right side of the screen.
The woman in pink is holding something and looking to the right side of the screen, while the woman in black is sitting in the center of the screen.
The woman in black goes to the depth of the screen to pick up something, and the man in red looks into the depth of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by the screen one after another, and the woman in pink goes to pick up something.
A black vehicle appears on the right side of the screen passing by and heading towards the center of the screen.
The woman in black picked up something and then put it into the bag in the center of the screen.
In the center of the screen, the woman in pink and the woman in black sit down and look at the bag below.
The pink man in the center of the screen looks to the lower side of the screen, and the man in red looks to the right side of the screen.
In the center of the screen, the woman in pink and the woman in black are sitting and looking to the right side of the screen, while the man in red is standing.
The woman in pink raised her hand and looked into the distance, and the woman in black communicated with the woman in pink.
Two people appear in the center of the screen and move towards the right side of the screen.
The woman in the center of the screen is sitting and looking at the bottom of the screen, and the man in red is looking at the top of the screen.
The woman in pink and the woman in black are communicating with each other in the center of the screen
In the center of the screen, the woman in trench coat and the woman in black look to the right side of the screen, while the man in red stands looking to the right side of the screen.
Two people on the left side of the screen passed by the screen and then left the screen.
There are several people standing on the left side of the screen communicating, and the woman in pink and the woman in black are communicating in the center of the screen.
A vehicle appears on the right side of the screen
The woman in pink stood up.
The vehicle on the right side of the screen drives towards the center of the screen. The woman in black gets up to pick up something, and the woman in pink looks to the right side of the screen.
The woman in pink bent over to pick up something and put it in the bag in the center of the screen. The woman in pink looked towards the lower side of the screen.
The woman in black in the center of the screen sits down and sorts the things in the bag.
The woman in pink in the center of the screen looks to the lower side of the screen, and the man in red looks to the right of the screen.
The woman in pink in the center of the screen is holding something and walking towards the depth of the screen.
Several people appear on the right side of the screen and walk towards the center of the screen, and then leave the screen.
A white car appears on the right side of the screen, and a woman in black sits in the center of the screen.
The white car drives towards the center of the screen, and the woman in pink walks towards the bottom of the screen.
The woman in black in the center of the screen picks up things and puts them in her bag.
A white pickup truck appears on the right side of the screen and drives into the screen.
The woman in black in the center of the screen looks left and right, walking around, and the woman in pink looks to the right of the screen.
The white pickup truck drives towards the center of the screen, and the man in red looks to the right side of the screen.
Several vehicles appear on the right side of the screen and move towards the center of the screen and then drive deep into the center of the screen.
Parade vehicles and people passing by appear on the right side of the screen.
The vehicles and the crowd moved away from the center of the screen, and the woman in pink sat down.
The woman in black goes to pick up something, the woman in pink gets up, and the man in red appears on the left side of the screen.
The man in red appears on the right side of the screen, and the woman in pink communicates with the woman in black.
A vehicle appears on the right side of the screen, and the woman in black goes to pick up something.
The woman in black walked to the center of the screen and put it in her bag, looking to the right side of the screen.
The woman in pink looks to the right side of the screen, and the woman in black walks left and right
Two cars parked at a gas station, and the man in the yellow hat walked towards the center of the screen.
A woman in black appears on the lower side of the screen walking toward a silver-white car.
The man in yellow hat appears on the left side of the screen and walks to the right side of the screen to leave. The man in yellow clothes appears on the lower side of the screen.
A man in yellow appears on the left side of the screen and walks to the lower side of the screen and then leaves the screen
The man in yellow on the left side of the screen returns to the lower right corner of the screen
The man in the yellow hat walked around the pickup truck and walked to the right side of it to open the door.
A man in black with a backpack appears on the left side of the screen and looks towards the top of the screen.
The man in the yellow hat on the right side of the screen opens the door to check the vehicle, and the woman in black looks to the left side of the screen.
The man in the yellow hat closed the car door and walked to the lower side of the screen. The woman in black opened the car door and prepared to enter the vehicle.
The woman in black got into the vehicle. The man in black looks to the left side of the screen.
The man in black on the left side of the screen slowly leaves the left side of the screen
A gray van stopped on the road on the left side of the video. A man wearing a white hat at the bottom of the video opened the door of a black car.
In the video, a woman wearing a down jacket got out of the gray van, and a woman carrying a bag got into the van.
In the video, the gray van leaves from the right side of the video, and a man wearing a red hat walks out of a small pavilion on the side of the road.
The person with the red hat in the video leaves from the bottom of the video, the woman in the down jacket leaves from the left side of the video, the person with the white hat at the bottom of the video is looking for something in the car
The man in the white hat below the video closes the car door and leaves below the video
A person wearing a purple hat and a person wearing a denim skirt walked out from the bottom of the video, leaving from the left side of the video
Two people walked out of the lower left corner of the video, one holding a box and the other wearing a gray shirt. A person appeared on the left and disappeared at the roadside pavilion.
The person holding the box in the video put the box in the black car at the bottom of the video, and was talking to the person wearing a white hat next to the car.
The person holding the box in the video opened the door of the red car next to the black vehicle, and then quickly closed it
A gray van drove into the top of the video and stopped on the roadside and opened the door.
After a man in black got on the car from one side, the van left from the bottom of the video
A person wearing black clothes appears from the bottom of the video and disappears after walking to a pavilion on the roadside.
The two people at the bottom of the video walked to the back of the black car while talking.
The two people at the bottom of the video, the man wearing a white hat got into the black car
The person holding the box got into the red car
The red car reverses and leaves
The red van enters and stops at the location in front of the red car
Video A red hatchback comes down and a man wearing a black jacket leaves from the lower left of the video
The red car leaves from the top of the video
The black vehicle at the bottom of the video starts to reverse and then turns around and leaves from the right side
There are many vehicles on the road above the video. A black car appears from the bottom of the video and leaves from the right side of the video.
A small white car about to turn left collided with a black car at the bottom of the video
The black car that collided in the video reversed and left the video, and the white car opened the door
The white car did not close the door and fell backwards for a distance.
The black car behind the white car goes around from behind
A person got out of the white car, and a person got out of the black car. The two walked to the back of the white car to talk.
A man wearing white half-sleeves walked out from the right side of the video and walked to the white car to join the conversation
A gray van drives into the top of the video and stops in the middle of the video
The door opens, and two people get out of the driver's seat and the passenger seat.
Two people slowly walked to the front of the van to talk.
A black jeep leaves from the upper left corner of the video below
There are many vehicles coming and going on the road in the video. A pickup truck drives in at the bottom of the video and there is a square kiosk on it.
There is a beige car leaving the upper left corner of the video at the bottom of the video
There are three cars leaving from below at the top of the video
There are two cars below the video leaving from the upper left side of the video
A beige car and a yellow motorcycle leave from below
There is a yellow taxi leaving from below
There is a white pickup truck leaving from the lower right corner of the video
A man in red left on a motorcycle
The pickup truck leaves from the upper left corner of the video, and a yellow taxi enters from the right side of the video
The yellow taxi leaves from below the video
Video A silver car appears from the right side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Two silver cars appear on the right side of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
A silver car drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A white car and white pickup truck appear at the bottom of the video, and the two vehicles leave from the left side of the video
A motorcycle appears below the video and leaves from the left side of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A white van enters from the top of the video and leaves from the bottom
A white motorcycle enters from the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A silver car drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video. A blue car drives into the right side of the video.
The blue car leaves from below the video
A red car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video, and a black Jeep enters behind him
The black jeep and a motorcycle leave from below the video
A white car on the left side of the video reverses and then disappears from the left side. A silver car enters from the right side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video.
A green car enters the right side of the video and leaves from below the video
A silver car drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
A pickup truck enters the right side of the video and an orange car leaves from below the video
A white car appears from the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A silver car and a pickup truck enter the bottom of the video and leave from the left side of the video
A black pickup truck enters the right side of the video and leaves from below the video
A white truck enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A white pickup truck appears above the video and leaves below the video
A silver car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A silver car enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video. A green car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video.
A man riding a motorcycle left from the left
There are several vehicles coming and going on the left side of the video
Two motorcycles enter the bottom of the video and leave from the left side of the video
A tricycle and a yellow taxi leave from the lower right corner
A motorcycle followed by a silver car leaves from the upper left corner
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A red car above the video disappears from below the video
A green truck enters the top of the video and a red car leaves from the bottom of the video
A white van enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A yellow car enters the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Four cars enter the top of the video and leave below the video
A white van above the video leaves from below the video
A yellow car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video. A motorcycle enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video.
A large mud tanker drives into the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A yellow car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car drives into the top and bottom of the video, and leaves from the bottom and left side of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Several vehicles enter the top of the video and leave below the video
A black vehicle enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the top of the video
Two white cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
Two silver cars and a blue truck enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Several vehicles are driving above and below the video
In the video, a silver car enters the top and bottom of the silver respectively, and leaves from the bottom and left of the video
A silver jeep enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A white tank truck drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
Several vehicles drove out from above the video
A white car drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
Four cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
Three cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video. A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the left side of the video.
Several vehicles and bicycles drive in from the bottom and top of the video
Four cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
There is a yellow car leaving from the upper left corner at the bottom of the video
Several vehicles enter the top of the video and leave below the video
A black car, a white van and a motorcycle enter the bottom of the video and leave from the left
A silver car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A silver car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video. A van enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video.
Several vehicles passing in the video
One of the bicycles stopped on the side of the road
A silver car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
The bicycle stopped in the video leaves from below the video
A card enters the top of the video and a van leaves from the bottom of the video
Two white cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Several vehicles enter at the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video. A green car enters from the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video.
A beige car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A red car enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the top of the video
A green car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A silver-white car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
There are several vehicles passing on the road on the left side of the video
A red motorcycle drives into the left side of the video. A black jeep drives into the bottom of the video
A blue truck enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car drives into the top of the video
A white car drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
There are several vehicles passing above, below and on the right side of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and a green car leaves from the bottom of the video
A motorcycle drives into the bottom of the video, and a white car leaves from the left side of the video
A black car above the video leaves from below the video
A yellow car enters the top of the video and leaves from below, and a gray car enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left
Two gray cars enter the bottom of the video and leave from the left
A blue pickup truck enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and a pink bus leaves from the bottom of the video
Three cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video.
A white car enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the upper left of the video
There are three cars entering the top of the video and leaving from the bottom right of the video
A white car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A blue truck enters the top of the video and leaves below the video
A white car drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video. A yellow car drives into the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video.
A white truck enters the top of the video and a silver car leaves from the bottom of the video
A white van enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left
Three cars enter the top of the video and leave below the video
A white car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Several vehicles enter the top of the video and leave below the video
A blue pickup truck enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
A red car drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
A silver car drives into the bottom of the video and disappears from the left side of the video
Several vehicles drove into the top of the video
A white oil tanker drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
Three cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
A black car drives out from the upper right of the video and leaves from the left
Several vehicles enter the top of the video and leave below the video
Several vehicles enter the top of the video and leave from the lower left, and several vehicles exit from the bottom and leave from the left
A white car and a black car drove past the top and bottom of the video.
A pink car drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
A black car drives out from the bottom of the video and leaves from the left
A pink car drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
Several vehicles drove in above and below the video, including a motorcycle
A gray pickup truck enters the top of the video and a white car leaves from the bottom of the video
A brown car enters the top of the video and a black Jeep leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
A beige car drives out from the bottom of the video and leaves from the left
Two motorcycles drive out from the top of the video and leave from below
A gray car drives into the bottom of the video, followed by a motorcycle leaving from the left side of the video
A red motorcycle drives out from the top of the video and drives out from below
A gray car drove into the bottom of the video, drove to the middle of the video, turned in a circle, and left below the video.
A red car enters the bottom of the video and leaves from the left side of the video
A white truck enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
The black van enters below the video and the white truck leaves below the video
The black car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A blue truck enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A motorcycle drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
A beige car drives out from the top of the video and leaves from below
There are two people walking side by side from below to above on the road
There is a person carrying something on the road from above to below
The white car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A green car drives out from the bottom of the video and leaves from the left
A white car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A white van enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A white car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
The motorcycle leaves from the left side of the video. There are several vehicles on the road in the video.
A pink car drives out from the bottom of the video and leaves from the left
Four cars drove out from above and left from below
A white van leaves from the upper left corner
Two motorcycles drive out from below and leave from the upper left
Two cars drove out from above and left from below
A man wearing orange clothes left on a motorcycle from the left
Two white cars drove out from the top of the video and drove out from below
There is a person riding a motorcycle at the top of the video and leaving from below
There is a white car driving out from the left at the bottom of the video
There is a white car leaving from below at the top of the video
There is a blue truck leaving from below at the top of the video
Two black cars enter the top of the video and leave from the bottom of the video
A white car at the top of the video and a yellow car leaving from the bottom of the video
A motorcycle and a black car drove into the bottom of the video and disappeared from the left side. A white car drove into the middle of the road. A black car drove in and left from the bottom of the video.
A group of people wearing brown uniforms and white shirts walked past the square in the middle of the video
The video camera focuses on a black car at the top of the video
The video lens zooms in and turns to the right, capturing a square with scattered pedestrians.
The video focuses on a jeep
Video zoom in to shoot the jeep more clearly
The video is zoomed out and shot to a part of the square
The video moves to the left to capture a group of people walking by the path next to the square, and zooms in again to capture a white car at the top of the video
The video shot a white car for a while and then moved left to shoot a white off-road vehicle
Video zoom out and shoot the entire square
The video moves to the right to focus on a person wearing a brown uniform
The video zooms out and focuses on a person wearing a white shirt
The video zooms out and moves to the right to continue shooting the person in brown uniform
The person in brown uniform leaves from the right side of the video, and the video moves to the left of the shooting square
The camera turned around and shot the left side of the square
The torus remains stationary, the square is empty, and there are two street lights on the edge of the lawn.
Video zoom in and move to the left to shoot the four white pillars in the middle of the square
After the video was enlarged, the white car and white off-road vehicle were captured again
The video is first zoomed out, then quickly zoomed in to capture a monument in the square
The video zooms out and turns right to shoot a monument in the square
The camera zooms in again to capture the inscription above
The camera zooms out and turns left to capture someone passing by
A car drives into the top of the video and stops in front of the camera
Two people got out of the car and took things from the car.
After taking the things, the old lady turned and walked towards the house behind
The old man walked from the right to the left back seat to pack things
After packing up, the old man turned around and walked to the house behind
The two walked to the house at the back, opened the door and entered
A person pulling a trolley walks out from the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A man wearing gray trousers walked out of the upper right corner of the video and walked under the pillar on the right side of the video and sat on the steps next to it.
The man wearing gray trousers stood up and walked to a black stake below the video
A person holding a broom walks out of the room on the right side of the video
The person holding the broom returns to the previous room
The person wearing gray trousers walked to the black stake in the upper left corner of the video
A person walks out of the hut on the right side of the video and is wandering above.
The man wearing gray trousers walks to the green chair
The person walking out of the hut on the right side of the video leaves from below the video
The man in gray trousers walked to the black stake in the middle of the left side of the video and touched it twice
The man in gray trousers walked to the middle of the video and wandered for a while before walking to the black stakes on the right side of the video.
The man in gray pants walked to the blue pillar in the middle and sat down
A person walks out of the small room on the right side of the video and reaches the opposite side of the person wearing gray trousers.
Two people sit and chat with each other
A person on the left side of the video wearing a black helmet is riding a motorcycle and leaves from the bottom of the video
A man in pink clothes on the left side of the video is riding a motorcycle with a woman wearing a pink helmet and leaves from the bottom of the video
A man wearing a black helmet on the left side of the video rides a motorcycle and leaves from the top of the video
A white motorcycle stopped at the top of the video. After the rider answered the phone, he walked to the unit door and could not open it to continue talking to others.
A man in white clothes and a man in blue clothes on the left side of the video ride a motorcycle and leave from the top of the video
A man in pink clothes on the left side of the video rides a motorcycle and leaves from the bottom of the video
On the left side of the video, a man in white clothes and a black helmet rides a motorcycle and leaves from the top of the video
On the left side of the video, a man in blue clothes rides a motorcycle and two other people in yellow clothes ride motorcycles, leaving from the bottom of the video
The white motorcycle rider at the top of the video gets on and off multiple times while talking on the phone
On the left side of the video, a man wearing striped clothes drives another man in short sleeves on a motorcycle and leaves from below the video
On the left side of the video, a man in white clothes and a black helmet rides a motorcycle and leaves from the bottom of the video
On the left side of the video, a man in white clothes and a black helmet rides a motorcycle and leaves from the bottom of the video
On the left side of the video, a woman wearing a white hat rides a motorcycle, followed by a man in white clothes, leaving from the bottom of the video
A red motorcycle on the left side of the video carries two people and leaves from the bottom of the video
A man in green on the left side of the video rides a motorcycle and leaves from the bottom of the video
Three motorcycles drive into the left side of the video. The riders are all wearing bright clothes and disappear from the left side of the video.
A motorcycle on the left side of the video carries a person wearing a black helmet and another person wearing a white helmet, leaving from the top of the video
A man in yellow clothes enters the left side of the video riding a motorcycle and leaves from the top of the video
A motorcycle drives into the left side of the video, carrying a person with a black helmet and another person with a yellow helmet, and leaves from the bottom of the video
A person on the left side of the video wearing white clothes and a blue helmet is riding a motorcycle and leaves from the top of the video
The shooting place was a shopping mall. A man in black clothes walked from the middle to the left
Two people in black clothes walked from the upper passage from bottom to right
There are six people wearing black shirts walking from top to right on the shopping mall crossing.
A woman wearing a white hat and a man wearing a white top walk from left to right
The person wearing orange clothes walks from the upper passage from bottom to right
A man wearing a red hat is wandering under the pillar
A person wearing a black down jacket walks from left to left
The man in a suit walked from the upper passage from bottom to right. Two men in pink clothes walked out of the store on the left and walked down.
The man in a white sweatshirt stopped for a moment next to the pillar and then walked from the upper passage from bottom to top.
The person holding the white bag walked from the upper passage to the middle, stayed for a while and walked down. After hesitating for a while, he turned around and walked to the middle. After staying for a while, he walked from the top The passage goes from bottom to top
The person holding a yellow plastic bag walks from bottom to top in the middle aisle
The man in the red coat walks from top to bottom in the middle aisle
The person holding a white plastic bag leaves from the middle aisle from bottom to right
The man in the red hat is circling around the pillar while talking on the phone
Three people wearing black long sleeves walked up the escalator from top to right in the middle aisle
The man in the red hat walked to the middle aisle, turned around and walked to the escalator on the right
The man in the black down jacket was answering the phone next to the pillar, walked to the pillar on the left and stood next to it
The man wearing a red hat walked out from the left and walked from the middle aisle from bottom to right
The person in the red skirt walks from left to right in the middle aisle
The person who answered the phone walked from the pillar to the left
The bald man in black clothes walked to the escalator on the right, and the man in a gray shirt walked from the middle passage from bottom to top.
A man in sportswear appeared from the right side and ran from the right to the middle passage.
The white-haired old man walked through the middle passage from bottom to top.
The person holding a blue booklet and the person wearing a black suit walked from top to bottom in the middle aisle
The person holding the black bag walks from right to left
The person wearing a blue waistcoat and the person wearing a red T-shirt walked from top to bottom in the middle aisle
The person carrying the black bag walks from left to right in the middle aisle towards the escalator
The man in the red hat and four other people walked from the middle aisle from right to left
People wearing white down jackets walk from top to bottom in the middle aisle
The person wearing a black bag goes from left to right in the middle aisle
Two people wearing black tops walked from top to bottom from the middle passage to the middle pillar to communicate.
The two men in black tops walked from the middle passage from bottom to top after talking.
The man in yellow clothes is pushing the cart from top to bottom in the middle aisle
The man in a black jacket stood in the middle aisle for a while and then walked down
The person wearing red long sleeves walks from right to left
A person on the phone walked to the trash can on the left
The person on the phone walks to the escalator on the right
A black car parked on the left side of the road reversed and drove under the road.
There are cars passing by on the road all the time
There is a white car driving out of the courtyard on the right side of the road.
The white car turns left and leaves from under the road
A man wearing white half-sleeves walked out from under the sidewalk, walked to a small pavilion in the middle of the sidewalk and stood there.
The man next to the pavilion walked down the sidewalk.
A green truck drove above the road and drove towards the bottom of the road
An orange truck drove from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
A pedestrian walks from the top of the sidewalk to the bottom of the sidewalk
There is a white car waiting at the entrance of the courtyard on the right side of the road
A pedestrian wearing a shirt walked out from under the sidewalk and walked to the other side of a white van under the sidewalk
The white car in the courtyard turned left, and then a red truck above the road drove down the road.
A white pickup truck drove from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
A yellow van drove from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
The person wearing a shirt walked out from above the sidewalk and walked down the sidewalk
A blue van drove out from above the road and drove towards the bottom of the road
There is a black car in the courtyard on the right side of the road trying to drive out.
The black car turned right and drove up the road
A white pickup truck carrying a black SUV drove from the road to the bottom of the road
A truck with a blue box drove into the road below and drove towards the top of the road.
A black car above the road turned left and drove into the yard on the right side of the road.
A truck with a red box drives from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
Four people walked out of the yard on the right side of the road. They crossed the road and walked to the small pavilion on the left side of the road.
A blue truck drives from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
The four people in the small pavilion are preparing to cross the road to the right side of the road.
A red mud tanker drove under the road
The red mud tanker drove towards the top of the road, and four pedestrians also passed the road
Four people got into a black car parked on the right side of the road.
The black car on the right side of the road is driving towards the top of the road
A pedestrian wearing half-sleeves walked out of the left side of the sidewalk, paused briefly and then walked to the left side of the sidewalk
Two pedestrians walked out of the left side of the sidewalk and walked around the white van towards the bottom of the sidewalk.
There is a brown car in the courtyard on the right side of the road trying to drive out.
A white car drove in from above the road, turned left and entered the courtyard on the right side of the road
The brown car turned right and drove towards the top of the road. Two pedestrians walked out of the courtyard on the right side of the road and walked towards the bottom of the road.
A black car driving in from under the road stopped at the entrance of the courtyard on the right side of the road
An orange truck drives from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
The black car parked at the entrance of the courtyard on the right side of the road drove towards the top of the road
A black car driving in from below the road stopped at the entrance of the courtyard on the right side of the road.
A pedestrian walked out of the courtyard gate, crossed the road and walked to the pavilion on the left side of the road.
A man got out of the black car and walked into the courtyard
A white car drove out of the courtyard on the right side of the road and drove towards the top of the road
A white car in the courtyard on the right side of the road reversed and adjusted its position, then drove out of the courtyard and drove up the road.
A brown car drove in under the road, turned right and entered the courtyard on the right side of the road
A truck with a blue box drives from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
A black car parked on the left side of the road started and drove down the road.
A white van parked on the left side of the road started and drove down the road.
A white car driving in from above the road stopped on the sidewalk on the left side of the road
A man wearing a white half-sleeve got out of the white car. After getting off the car, he closed the door and talked to the driver inside.
The man in white half-sleeves walked to the bottom of the sidewalk. The driver of the white car got out of the car and fumbled for something in his pocket.
After the driver found the key and locked the white car, he walked to the bottom of the sidewalk
A black car drove into the courtyard on the right side of the road.
Two people walked out of the courtyard on the right side of the road and got into the black car parked at the entrance of the courtyard.
The black car drove to the top of the road, and two silver cars drove under the road. The first one drove into the hospital, and the second one parked at the entrance of the hospital.
A man got out of the white car parked at the entrance of the courtyard and walked into the courtyard.
A black car drove into the intersection on the left side of the road and drove down the road. A person walked out of the courtyard and got into the white car parked at the entrance of the courtyard.
The white car drove towards the top of the road and left
A yellow truck on the road above the parking lot drives to the right side of the parking lot
A pedestrian wearing a down jacket walked out of the parking lot and walked to the bottom of the parking lot.
A man in white clothes got out of a white car in the parking space on the right side of the parking lot and walked to the left side of the parking lot.
A black van drove to the right side of the parking lot on the road above the parking lot.
A white car on the road above the parking lot drives to the bottom of the parking lot
A black car drove into the bottom of the parking lot, a white truck drove into the left side of the parking lot, and the two vehicles drove to the right side of the parking lot.
A pedestrian walked out of the left side of the parking lot, and a white truck and a black commercial vehicle drove into the parking lot.
Pedestrians and black commercial vehicles moved to the bottom of the parking lot, and the white truck drove to the right side of the parking lot.
A white van drove into the parking lot and drove to the right side of the parking lot.
A white truck drove into the right side of the parking lot and drove to the left side of the parking lot.
A white van drove in from underneath the parking lot and drove to the right side of the parking lot
A white van drove in from the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot
A white jeep drove in from above the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot
A blue truck drove in from underneath the parking lot and drove to the right side of the parking lot
A pedestrian and a white truck appeared from the left side of the parking lot and moved to the right side of the parking lot
A black car drove in from underneath the parking lot and drove to the right side of the parking lot
A pedestrian and a silver truck entered from below the parking lot, the white truck drove to the top of the parking lot, and the pedestrian walked to the left side of the parking lot
A man in red clothes walked out of the left side of the parking lot and walked towards the left side of the parking lot.
The man in white clothes walked out from under the parking lot and got into the white car
The white car turned around and drove towards the bottom of the parking lot
A white truck drove in from underneath the parking lot,
A blue truck drives in from above the parking lot
A white car drove in from underneath the parking lot
The white truck and the white car drove to the top of the parking lot one after another
A man in a gray suit walked out from under the parking lot and walked to the left side of the parking lot
Two yellow trucks drove in from below the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot
A white truck drove in from below the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot
A white truck carrying things drove in from below the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot
A blue truck drove in from above the parking lot and drove to the right side of the parking lot
A black car drove in from above the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot
A white car drove in from the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
Someone is cleaning up the advertising cloth on the left side of the parking lot.
A pedestrian is walking his dog from right to left
A black car drove in from the bottom of the parking lot, and a red car drove in from the top of the parking lot, driving to the right of the parking lot
A white van drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A black jeep drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A white truck drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A brown van drove into the parking lot and drove to the right side of the parking lot.
A black jeep drove into the parking lot.
The person collecting advertisements on the left side of the parking lot dragged the white cloth from left to right.
The black jeep drives towards the bottom of the parking lot
A white car drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A blue truck drove into the parking lot, and a man in black clothes on the left side of the parking lot walked into the parking lot from left to right.
The blue truck drove to the top of the parking lot, and a black car drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A white van drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A man in black clothes walked out of the left side of the parking lot and walked towards the bottom of the parking lot
A white car drove in from above the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot
A white car drove into the bottom of the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A white van drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A man wearing black clothes appeared on the left and right sides of the parking lot, and they walked towards the bottom of the parking lot.
The white car in the middle of the parking lot started and started to reverse.
A white car drove into the parking lot.
A silver car drove into the parking lot.
The white car and the silver car in the middle of the parking lot are driving towards the top of the parking lot.
The white car driving in above the parking lot and driving to the bottom of the parking lot
A man holding a black bag walked out of the left side of the parking lot and walked towards the bottom of the parking lot.
A man in gray clothes walked out of the parking lot and walked to the left side of the parking lot.
A black car drove into the bottom of the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A white car drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A blue truck drove into the right side of the parking lot, stopped on the road on the left side of the parking lot and adjusted its position.
A blue truck drove into the right side of the parking lot again and parked on the left side of the parking lot.
A man in black clothes walked out of the right side of the parking lot and walked to where two blue trucks were parked
A black car drove into the bottom of the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot
A white car drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A white truck drove into the parking lot and drove to the left side of the parking lot
A black pickup truck drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A white jeep drove into the bottom of the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot
Two people riding bicycles on the left side of the parking lot were followed by a person running and pushing a bicycle. The three of them moved to the right side of the parking lot.
A black van drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A white car drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A black jeep drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A white car drove into the bottom of the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot. A blue car drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A white truck drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A white car and a white truck drove into the top of the parking lot, and the two cars drove to the bottom of the parking lot in turn.
A black car drove into the right side of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A person holding a black bag on the left side of the parking lot walked towards the bottom of the video
The machines on the two blue trucks on the left side of the parking lot are working
A woman wearing a black down jacket on the left side of the parking lot walks towards the blue truck
A white car drove into the bottom of the parking lot, and a white truck drove to the top of the parking lot. A blue truck on the left side of the parking lot moved to the roadside.
After adjusting its position, the white truck reversed and parked next to the entrance of the parking lot.
The black car drives towards the bottom of the parking lot
Two people wearing white hats walked out of the left side of the parking lot. The first one picked up something from the ground and walked to the left side of the video. The one behind him wandered in the parking lot for a while. Go to the left side of the parking lot
The white car drove into the parking lot upside down, turned around in the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A black pickup truck drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A purple car drove into the parking lot, and a white truck drove in above the parking lot.
A white car and a purple sedan drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot.
A white car and a white truck drove into the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A black jeep drove into the top of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A white car drove into the parking lot and drove into the parking lot and stopped.
A man wearing a hat walked out of the right side of the parking lot and walked towards the blue truck
A black car drove into the right side of the parking lot and drove to the bottom of the parking lot.
A man in a brown coat got out of the parked white car and walked towards the right side of the video
A brown car drove into the parking lot and drove to the top of the parking lot
A white truck drove into the parking lot.
The person wearing a black vest below the gambling table is talking to the person wearing red clothes on the left side of the gambling table
A woman walks from left to right from the gambling table. The man in red is playing with the chips in his hand.
The man in red puts the chips in his hand on the gambling table
The man in black vest is dealing the cards, and the man in red clothes puts down the chips on the gambling table again
The man in red threw the chips on the gambling table away, and then threw the chips in his hand at the man in the black vest. After doing this, he disappeared from the left side of the gambling table.
The man in red walked out from the left side of the gaming table, sat back down, and placed chips on the gaming table
The man in black vest began to deal the cards, and the man in red clothes put some chips on the gambling table
The man in red knocked over a black card box on the left side of the gaming table and scattered the cards inside on the gaming table.
The man in black vest organized the playing cards on the table and placed them on the right side of the gaming table
The man in red put his hands on the table with excitement and a man in suit stood behind the gaming table and shouted.
The man in a black suit disappeared from behind the gaming table. The man in red picks up the chips on the gambling table
On the red gambling table, the hand of the man in red holds some chips in the middle of the gambling table.
The man in red put the chips he was holding into his pants pocket, picked up the black jacket from the seat and put it on
The man in red clothes was sitting on the stool at the gaming table on the far left, suddenly leaning forward and leaning on the gaming table
The man in red clothes grabbed the chips from the chip box in the middle of the gambling table. At this time, a man in a shirt walked from the bottom of the gambling table to the right of the man in red to block him.
Regardless of the dissuasion, the man in red put the chips into his pocket, put on a black jacket, and walked to the corner on the right side of the gaming table. The man in the shirt followed him.
A bald man walked out of the slot machine, and a man in a suit walked out of the left corner of the slot machine.
After the bald man and the man in a suit talked to each other, the bald man turned the corner to the left of the slot machine, and the man in the suit walked under the slot machine
The man in red clothes walked out of the corner on the left side of the slot machine and walked under the slot machine. He turned left and entered the corridor to talk to the man in a suit. Two men in shirts followed him.
The three people in the stairwell walked to the left, and the man in the suit walked back while talking on the phone
The man in red clothes and two men in shirts walked out of the hall
The man in the orange shirt is looking for something in the blue truck on the left
The person wearing a white shirt and the person wearing a blue shirt walk towards the white truck from top to left, transporting the items on the truck
The man in white clothes and the man in blue shirt walk from below
Man in orange shirt writes something on blue truck
The person wearing a white shirt and the person wearing a blue shirt walk towards the white truck from top to left, transporting the items on the truck
People in white clothes and people in blue tops walk from below
Man in orange shirt organizes items in blue truck
The person wearing a white shirt and the person wearing a blue shirt walk towards the white truck from top to left, transporting the items on the truck
The man in white clothes and the man in blue shirt walk from below
The man in black half-sleeves on the white truck also unloaded items from the white truck. A man in black and white walked out from below holding two long sticks and handed them to the man in orange.
People wearing black half-sleeves and people wearing black and white clothes walk from below
The man in the white shirt walked towards the white truck and moved the items on the truck. The man in blue half-sleeves walked out from below holding two long sticks and handed them to the man in the orange shirt.
The person wearing black and white clothes held two boxes and handed them to the person wearing orange clothes. The person wearing black half-sleeves and the person wearing a blue top walked out from below
The person wearing black and white clothes walks to the bottom of the video. The person wearing black half-sleeves and the person wearing a blue top are carrying items on the white truck.
People wearing black and white clothes and people wearing blue tops walked from below, and a person wearing black trousers walked out from the right
The person wearing black trousers leaves from below
The person wearing a white shirt and the person wearing a blue shirt walk towards the white truck from top to left, transporting the items on the truck
The man wearing black half-sleeves walks towards the white truck from top to left, transporting the items on the truck
The person wearing a white top, the person wearing a blue top, and the person wearing black half-sleeves walked from below in turn
The person in the blue shirt and the person in the white shirt walked towards the white truck from top to left, moved the items on the truck, and then left from below.
The person wearing blue half-sleeves walks from right to left, and the person wearing camouflage half-sleeves walks from left to right
The man in black shirt walked down after carrying items from the white truck
The person wearing a white top walked out from below, the person wearing an orange top and the person wearing blue long sleeves were adjusting their belts
The person wearing a white shirt walks towards the white truck to carry items, and the person wearing white and gray long sleeves walks from right to left
A forklift drove away from left to right, the man in a white shirt walked down, and a man in a black shirt walked out from below
The man in black shirt moved the items downwards, and the man in blue clothes walked to the other side of the blue truck
The person in the white shirt walked to the white truck to carry the items and left from below. The person in blue clothes walked back to the side of the blue truck, and the person in black clothes walked out from below.
The person wearing a white shirt and the person wearing a black shirt left from below in turn, and the person wearing orange clothes got off the blue truck.
Man in white shirt and man in white hat walk to items on white truck
The man in orange clothes got on the blue truck, the man in black clothes also walked to the white truck, and the man in blue clothes walked to the right side of the blue truck
The blue truck starts and leaves from the right side of the white truck
The man in white clothes, the man in white hat, the man in black clothes walked under the white truck
The man in blue clothes walked out from under the white truck, arranged the straps under the box on the right side of the white truck, and left from the right side of the white truck
A person wearing a black and white top holds an item and leaves from the right side of the white truck. The person wearing white clothes and the person with a white hat walks out from under the white truck and carries the item near the white truck.
A forklift with white goods on it drives from left to right
The man in white clothes and the man in white hat walks under the white truck
The man in the white hat and the man in white clothes walked out from under the white truck and went to the white truck to carry the goods. The man in the white hat walked under the white truck.
The man in white clothes moved the goods towards the bottom of the white truck
The man in the white hat walked towards the white truck, lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
The man in white clothes walked towards the white truck, lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
The man in the white hat walked towards the white truck, picked up the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man in orange clothes appeared briefly on the right side of the white truck, then picked up something and left from the right side of the white truck.
The man in white clothes walked towards the white truck, lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
The man in the white hat walked towards the white truck. After lifting the goods, he walked under the white truck. The man in black and white clothes walked from left to right.
People in black and white clothes, people in white clothes walked towards the white truck, lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
The man in blue clothes walked towards the white truck. After lifting the goods, he walked under the white truck. The man in white clothes walked towards the white truck.
The man in white clothes moved under the white truck after lifting the goods, and the man in black and white walked towards the white truck
The man in black and white walked under the white truck after lifting the goods.
The man in black clothes walked towards the white truck, picked up the goods and walked under the white truck.
A yellow van drives out from left to right
The man in jeans moved under the white truck after lifting the goods, and the man in white clothes walked towards the white truck
The man in black and white clothes lifted the goods and walked under the white truck. The man in white clothes accidentally dropped the goods on the ground.
The man in white clothes lifted the goods and walked under the white truck. The man in orange coat walked out from the right side of the white truck and walked under the white truck.
The man in blue clothes walked towards the white truck, lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
People in black and white clothes, two people in blue clothes, the man in white clothes walked towards the white truck, picked up the goods and walked under the white truck,
The man in orange clothes walks to the right side of the white truck
People in black and white clothes, two people in blue clothes, the man in white clothes walked towards the white truck, lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
People wearing black and white clothes, two people wearing blue clothes, the people wearing white clothes walked towards the white truck, one of the people wearing a blue shirt got into the white truck , lifted the goods and walked under the white truck
A person wearing black and white clothes, a person wearing black clothes moved under the white truck after lifting the goods, and a person wearing blue clothes walked towards the white truck
The man in blue clothes leans against the white truck, the man in black clothes, the man in white clothes and the man in hat squat behind the white truck and smoke
The man in blue clothes entered the white truck. The man in black and white clothes walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck.
A white jeep drove in from the left side of the white truck and drove from left to right
People in black clothes, people in white clothes and people in hats have been squatting behind the white truck and smoking, and the people in black and white clothes are walking under the white truck
The man in the hat moved under the white truck after lifting the goods, and the man in black and white clothes walked towards the white truck
The man in a white shirt moved the goods and walked under the white truck
The man in blue clothes got out of the truck, and the man in the white hat walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in blue clothes and the man in black clothes moved under the white truck after lifting the goods.
The man in blue clothes and the man in white clothes moved under the white truck after carrying the goods.
People in black clothes and people in white hats walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck.
The man in black clothes and the man in the white hat moved under the white truck after lifting the goods.
The man in blue clothes and the man in white clothes walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck,
The man in blue moved the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man in white clothes moved the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man wearing a black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in blue clothes moved the goods and walked under the white truck.
Another man in blue clothes walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in a black shirt lifted the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man wearing a white shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man wearing the white hat and the man in white clothes moved under the white truck after carrying the goods.
The man in the black shirt and the man in blue lifted the goods and walked under the white truck.
People in white clothes and white hats walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in white clothes and the man in the white hat moved the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man in a black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck. After carrying the goods, he walked under the white truck.
The man in a blue shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in blue clothes walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck. After lifting the goods, he walked under the white truck.
The man in white clothes walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck. After carrying the goods, he walked under the white truck.
The man wearing a black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in a black shirt moved the goods and walked under the white truck
The man wearing a white hat walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck. After lifting the goods, he walked under the white truck.
The person wearing the white shirt and the person wearing the black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck. After lifting the goods, they walked under the white truck.
The man wearing a white hat walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white hat walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck. He and the man in black tops lifted the goods and then walked towards under the white truck.
The person wearing the white hat, the person wearing the white shirt, the person wearing the black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The person wearing the white hat, the person wearing the white shirt, and the person wearing the black shirt carried the goods one after another and walked towards the bottom of the white truck.
A person wearing a white hat, a person wearing a white shirt, and a person wearing a black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked toward the white truck. After lifting the goods, he walked under the white truck.
A person wearing a white hat, a person wearing a white shirt, and a person wearing a black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked toward the white truck. After lifting the goods, he walked under the white truck.
The man wearing the white hat and the man in the white shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white hat and the man in the white shirt lifted the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man wearing a black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the black shirt and the man in the blue shirt lifted the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man wearing a white hat walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white hat moved the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man in the white shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white shirt lifted the goods and walked under the white truck.
The man in the white hat and the man in the blue shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white hat moved the goods and walked under the white truck
The person in the white shirt, the person in the black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white shirt and the man in the black shirt moved under the white truck after lifting the goods.
The man wearing a white hat walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
The man in the white hat moved the goods and walked under the white truck
The person wearing the white hat, the person wearing the white shirt, the person wearing the black shirt walked out from under the white truck and walked towards the white truck
A woman wearing black clothes walked out of the right side of the counter and walked to the left side of the counter. A bald man was communicating with the woman inside the counter.
A man in green clothes walked out from the left side of the counter and walked to a shelf above the counter.
A man in a plaid shirt walked towards the counter from above the counter
A man in purple clothes walked out from the left side of the counter and walked to the shelf above the counter
The man in purple clothes opened the cabinet door and quickly closed it, then squatted down to look for something with the man in green clothes.
A woman in black clothes walked out from the left side of the counter, walked to the right side of the counter and talked with a bald man wearing a plaid shirt for a while, and the three of them walked to the magazine rack above the counter.
The person in purple clothes walks to the left side of the counter, and the person in green clothes walks to the front of the counter
The man in green clothes communicated with the woman at the counter and then walked to the left side of the counter
The woman in black clothes walks to the right side of the counter
The man in green clothes walked back to the left side of the counter, and the woman in black clothes walked to the right side of the counter.
Bald man, the man in plaid shirt walks to the counter, the bald man holds paper in his hand
A man wearing blue shorts walked out from above the counter and walked to a glass booth on the right side of the counter to stop and watch.
The woman in black clothes walked to the left side of the counter,
The man in blue shorts walks to the counter
The woman and the bald man at the counter, and the three men in plaid shirts walked to the magazine rack above the counter
The woman at the counter returned to the counter to talk to the man in blue shorts
Bald man, the man in plaid shirt walks to the counter, the man in plaid shirt answers the phone while walking above the counter
A man in purple clothes walked out from the left side of the counter, went to the right side of the counter, picked up a box and walked to the top of the counter
The woman at the counter walked out and talked to the bald man.
The man in green clothes paced in front of the counter, and then walked to the cabinet
Two people walked in above the counter, one was a woman wearing a pink skirt and the other was a man wearing black half-sleeves.
The woman in a pink skirt and the man in green clothes walked to the left side of the counter. The man in black half-sleeves wandered in front of the counter for a while and then looked at the cabinet on the left side of the counter.
The woman and the bald man at the counter, the three people in plaid shirts walked to the magazine rack above the counter
The woman at the counter walked to the left side of the counter. The woman in a pink skirt walked out from the left side of the counter and handed the book she was holding to the man in black half-sleeves who was leaning against the cabinet on the right side of the counter.
The woman in a pink skirt and the man in black half-sleeves walked up to the counter and stopped to watch.
The woman at the counter returned to the counter. The woman in a pink skirt and the man in black half-sleeves walked to the shelf on the right side of the counter.
The man in green clothes walked out from the left side of the counter and walked towards the top of the counter.
A woman in a pink skirt walks to the shelf above the counter to watch
The man in a plaid shirt took out some cash from his pocket and put it on the counter
A man in a red vest walked out from the left side of the counter and walked to the shelf on the right side of the counter
The man in the red vest walked to the top of the counter, then turned around and walked to the left side of the counter
The woman at the counter took the money and handed the change to the man in a plaid shirt, and handed the bald man some papers.
The woman at the counter left the counter after talking to the man in blue shorts.
The bald man handed the written paper to the man in the shirt and they checked it together
The woman at the counter took the money from the man in blue shorts and returned to the counter.
The woman in black clothes and the man in red vest walked out from the left side of the counter, the man in red vest walked to the lower right side of the counter, and the woman in black clothes walked under the counter
The woman in black clothes walked to the left side of the counter. At the same time, a woman wearing white half-sleeves walked to the right side of the counter, bent down, and then walked to the left side of the counter.
The man in a red vest walks from the bottom of the counter to the top of the counter
A woman in black clothes walked out from the left side of the counter with paper in her hand and walked towards the lower right side of the counter.
A man wearing white half-sleeves walked out from the left side of the counter, walked to the cabinet on the right side of the counter, and placed a disk and a circle of tubes on the counter.
The woman in black clothes handed the man in white half-sleeves two packages of blue items
The man in white half-sleeves took out a plastic bag and put the blue items in it.
The bald man, the man in a plaid shirt walked to the cabinet on the right side of the counter
The bald man in a plaid shirt picked up the plastic bag, the original disk and the tube and walked towards the top of the counter
The man in green clothes walked out from the left side of the counter, leaned in front of the counter and communicated with the woman at the counter, then walked to the left side of the counter
The man in a red vest walked out from the left side of the counter and walked towards the top of the counter
A woman in a pink skirt and a black half-sleeved person walked towards the top of the counter, but on the way the woman in a pink skirt returned to the counter
The person in black half-sleeves also returned to the counter. The woman in a pink skirt was talking to the woman at the counter.
The man in a red vest walked out from the left side of the counter and walked towards the top of the counter
The woman in a pink skirt walked up to the counter, took a book and returned to the counter
In the picture, a man with a brown hat, blue shirt and glasses puts the chips in front of the cards, and there are three people on the left
In the picture, there is a man in a red plaid shirt and glasses. Behind him is a host in a black suit. The man in red pushes the card to the man in black on the right.
In the picture, a woman with blond hair and a gray coat put one hand on her face, took out a small pile of chips and placed it in front of the cards.
In the picture is a man in a black hood and glasses. On the right is a man in a black hat and glasses and a black shirt. The man in the center throws the cards out, and the staff on the right is sorting the cards. table
On the left is the dealer, in the center is a man in a blue shirt. The man counted a few chips and put them on the table. The dealer took away the chips.
The camera cuts through a man in blue with a brown hat and sunglasses. In the picture, three men and women are drinking water, and the dealer on the left is clearing the table.
In the picture, the dealer numbers three cards in the area. The camera switches between the man in brown hat and blue shirt and the man in blue plaid shirt. The man in blue takes a small amount from in front of him. Stack the chips and throw them in front of the table
The blond woman in gray took a few stacks of chips and put them in front of the table. The dealer arranged the game and put a card into the card area.
The blond woman's eyes are constantly moving. The man in blue with a brown hat and sunglasses pushed out a whole pile of green chips. The blond woman in gray is sorting out her chips.
The blonde woman in gray pushed out two stacks of chips. The dealer took them away and placed them in the center of the table. The dealer placed a card on the card area.
The man in the brown hat and blue clothes spoke, putting his hand on the chips,
The blonde woman in gray flips over her playing cards,
The man in blue threw his cards into the center of the table, stood up and clapped his hands in celebration
The man in blue turned around and took off his sunglasses to look at the table.
The blonde woman in gray adjusted her hair, pushed the chips to the front, stood up and left the table
There are several electric vehicles in front of a shop, and a man in blue clothes and brown pants appears on the left.
A man in a black sweater walked above and walked to the center and bent down to remove the blue box on the ground.
A man in a brown shirt and a woman in a white shirt came over from the right, walked to the left and talked to the man in blue and left on the right side of the screen.
The man in blue on the left pushed the box on the ground away. A little girl was playing around the box.
A man in gray clothes and black trousers pushing a bicycle entered on the right side, communicated with the man in the store, and then turned the bicycle around.
Two men in the lower right corner walked into the store one after another. The man with a yellow helmet and a white shirt was talking in front of the store.
A man in a light blue shirt in the lower right corner is checking the package in his hand, and then enters the store
A woman in a floral top and jeans walked out of the store on the left and pulled a child onto the electric car in the lower right corner.
A man wearing a light pink shirt and jeans walked past the screen.
The man in gray clothes and black trousers on the left and the man in blue clothes holding a big box walked out.
The man in blue put the box on the back seat of the bicycle on the right, and the people in the picture left one after another
The man in gray clothes and black pants below walked to the side of the bicycle.
A man in black walked in from above and waited at the door for a while before entering the store on the left.
The man in the yellow helmet in the lower right corner and the man in the blue shirt moved the big box in the center of the screen to the lower right corner of the road.
In the picture, the man in gray clothes and black trousers is on the phone, pacing back and forth in the upper right corner. During this period, many heads flashed around him.
A woman wearing red clothes and black pants below walks into the store on the left
A man in black clothes and black pants passed by on the road.
The man in gray in the upper right corner walked to the bicycle, making a phone call and checking the box.
The man in blue in the lower right corner enters the store on the left.
The woman in red on the left leaves,
The man in the brown shirt and the woman in the white shirt and gray pants entered to the left, and the following people walked down together.
The man in blue on the right pushed a green electric tricycle to the right side of the road, and then walked to the bottom of the road. The little girl then entered below,
In the upper right corner, a man wearing a gray and black patchwork top and jeans enters the store on the left
A man in a brown plaid shirt holding a child walked out of the store on the left and strolled in front of the store. The man in black on the left walked to the upper right corner and left. A woman in black clothes and black pants was above the road. Entering the store, the man in blue then enters the store, and the three people behind him leave the screen.
The woman in black clothes and black pants on the left left, and the man in brown clothes holding a child entered the store.
The man in the gray shirt on the right entered the store on the left, then returned to the bicycle and began to tie the rope.
A man wearing black jeans in the upper right corner of the road enters the store on the left
There are many people flowing in and out of the left side of the store.
The man in gray on the right put the box on the bicycle on the ground and the man in blue in the lower right corner helped to sort it out. During this period, the man in blue kept moving things to the electric tricycle on the right.
Two men passed by above,
The woman in a brown top holding a child on the left walked to the center of the screen.
The man in blue on the right side of the road rode an electric tricycle and drove off the upper right corner of the road.
Four women in the upper right corner walk together to the door of the store on the left
Four women on the left walked to the upper right corner and left.
The man in gray on the right is on the phone and packing boxes.
Many motorcycles on the right side gathered on the right side of the road.
Many people on the left enter and exit the store on the left
The picture is in a shopping mall, surrounded by quilt sellers. There is a salesman in a white shirt and black pants on the right, and there is a row of flowers in the center.
A salesman in a white shirt and black pants walked past the store, walked to the center of the screen, looked back, and then walked to the lower left corner.
The salesman on the right walked to the right and disappeared from the screen
A woman in black in the upper left corner of the store walked up to chat with a woman above.
A salesman in a white shirt and black pants walked out from the left and adjusted his clothes.
The salesman on the right appears,
A salesperson in white clothes and black pants in the lower left corner of the store walks towards the top of the store
A salesman in black at the top first ran down two steps, then turned to run upward, and the other salesman in black turned to the bottom
The picture is a jewelry store, the upper left corner is the cashier, there is a man in black, a woman in black and a little girl in black in the center of the picture
In the picture, the man in black and the woman in black are looking at jewelry at the counter.
The little girl in black walked to the gap in the middle counter and looked around, squatted down and entered the counter, walked to the table on the right and opened the drawer
The little girl in black rummaged through the things in the drawer, took out some things and closed the drawer, sat on the ground and stuffed the things she took out into her clothes.
The woman in black walked to the counter in the upper left corner, and the little girl immediately walked out of the counter and left in the lower left corner
The picture is at the exit of a supermarket, with a red sign above it, and a man in white and a woman in white walking past on the left
On the left, a man wearing white clothes and black pants and a child in a yellow top ran past the supermarket with a shopping cart.
A woman in a pink dress and a child above walked to the blue vending machine in the center and stuffed money.
A man wearing black clothes and black pants on the left walked down
A man in a gray shirt and blue shorts on the left side of the supermarket led a child in red clothes to the bottom.
A man in an orange shirt and a child walk up to the man in a pink dress
Two men in black and white shirts on the left side of the supermarket walked to the game console above to watch. The little girl in the center was looking around. The little girl and the woman in pink walked into the lower right corner.
The woman in pink in the lower right corner holds the child and returns to the blue machine. The man in orange top walks to the top and walks past many customers on the left to the bottom of the screen.
A man in black and a man in white appeared above the supermarket. The woman in pink walked to the top holding a child, and a large number of customers walked out on the left
The picture is in an alley. In the center of the picture, a woman in a red coat, white pants and a white satchel holding an umbrella walks to the lower left corner of the alley.
A black electric car with a purple umbrella under the road drove towards the top of the road
An old man on the upper left side of the road is packing cardboard boxes
A woman in a purple top on the road is driving a woman in a pink top on an electric bike past the lower left corner of the road
A man in red riding a red electric car on the road passed the lower left corner
The picture is in a corridor. On the left side is the stairs. On the right side is a place to park bicycles. Outside the corridor door, two men in white shirts and black pants entered the corridor, walked out of the stairs and went upstairs.
A man in a black shirt and gray pants entered the corridor above, and a man in a white shirt and black pants entered the corridor.
The man in white clothes and black pants went up to the upper left corner of the stairs and looked up. The man in black bent down and reached for the bicycle on the right, picked up an object, put it to the side and left.
The man in white walked out of the corridor and left the screen
A woman in a black vest and black pants walked up the corridor and walked up the stairs on the left to the second floor.
In a cosmetics store, a man in white clothes, black pants and a black bag walked into the store and picked up a product.
A red-clad clerk above the store walked to the center. The man and the clerk walked to the bottom of the store to talk, and another female clerk in black came out.
The female clerk in black above the store walked to the lower left corner of the store and talked to the man in the lower left corner
A man in a white shirt and red pants on the right walked into the store and looked at the clerk while walking, and then the man disappeared under the store.
The man in the upper right corner of the store looked around at the counter, and then entered the upper part of the store
Two customers entered the lower left corner of the store. The man in white clothes and red pants above walked out from above, walked to the door of the store and left.
Two women in white tops and black satchels entered the store at the lower door of the store. The black-clad clerk in the lower left corner walked to the top of the store.
One of the two black-clad clerks walked to the lower right corner of the store. A black clerk above and a man in a white shirt introduced products in the lower left corner.
The female clerk in black in the lower right corner of the store is operating the cash register. The man in black on the right is taking out his bag. He hands the things to the waiter and talks to the clerk.
The clerk opened the cash register, put the money in the cash register, took out the change, gave the change to the man in white, and then walked with the man in white to the upper part of the store and left.
The female clerk in black on the left walks to the upper right corner of the store and leaves the screen, and the man wearing a white shirt and black shorts walks to the top of the screen and leaves.
The black-clad clerk and two women in white tops and black satchels in the lower right corner of the store walk towards the top of the store
In the picture, a black car is parked on the side of the road. Many vehicles pass by on the right side. In the upper left corner of the road, there is a woman wearing a red hat, a black coat and jeans, and a man wearing black clothes and black pants.
A woman in a brown top and jeans walks past in the lower left corner
Many vehicles passed by the upper right corner of the road, and the owner of the red car was looking everywhere
There are many people walking on the sidewalk on the left side of the road, and many vehicles above the road drive to the lower right corner
The camera moves, a man in black clothes and black trousers and a woman in black clothes and black trousers on the left side of the sidewalk walk toward the bottom of the screen, followed by a man in black clothes and a blue A man in a plaid shirt and a man in an orange shirt and blue pants
There is a long blue two-story house on the right side of an open space, and a white high-rise building in the distance
There are two blue cars parked on the road
There are two white buildings in the picture. In the distance is a building under construction. The construction building has white words written on it.
In the center of the picture is a white building with an air conditioner outdoor unit under the window
At night, there was a white car parked on the roadside with many trees around it. A woman below walked to the right side of the road.
The picture is in a backyard. A woman gets off a black car on the roadside in the upper left corner of the backyard and leaves on the left side of the road. The man above is mowing the lawn with a lawn mower.
A white car parked behind the wall on the left road
Two children riding scooters on the left side of the road slid to the upper left corner of the road
Two children riding scooters in the upper left corner of the road slide across the left side of the road. The white car in the upper left corner is reversing and then drives past the left side of the road.
A black van drove into the left side of the backyard and drove past the upper left corner of the backyard.
In the picture, there is a man in a blue shirt sitting in the store, a man in a red shirt talking on the phone, and a man in a white shirt. Finally, the man in white clothes walks to the bottom of the store and leaves.
The man in red handed the phone to the man in blue. The man in blue took the phone and started calling. The last two men started talking.
The man in blue took out his mobile phone from his pocket and started making a call
A little boy in white ran into the bottom of the store
A woman wearing a yellow top and overalls entered the store from the bottom of the store. The man in blue pushed a stool, and the woman in yellow with a schoolbag sat on the stool.
A little boy in white clothes and a woman in a dark gray top entered the store one after another. Several people in the store were talking.
The woman in blue picked up the glasses at hand and put them on, then picked up the object next to her
The woman in blue is writing with her head down, and from time to time she raises her head to talk to the man in red opposite.
The man in black below the store took a red helmet and looked through it in his hand, and then the man in white put it back where it was.
The woman in dark blue top below the store is talking to the man in white, and the man in blue is talking to the man in red.
The camera shows a parking lot on the left side of the road and a white housing area in the distance. A silver car enters the road on the right side of the road and drives past the left side of the road.
A blue car enters on the left side of the road and drives to the right
A red car enters the right side of the road and exits on the left
A box truck with a white body and blue patterns drove into the right side of the road and drove to the left side of the road.
A man in a white shirt and shorts on the left side of the road walked into the screen and walked to the right side of the road
There is a red STOP sign on the left side of the road, with a white building above it, and a black car driving past from left to right.
A black car on the right is driving to the left
A white van on the right passes by to the left.
A silver-white car and a silver-gray car drove past to the left
The picture is in an alley. There is a man in an orange shirt riding an electric bicycle and several cyclists riding by.
A womans head poked out from under the alley, first moved to the right, then to the left, and finally to the right
A man in a blue shirt and helmet riding an electric bike came up and disappeared on the left side above the alley.
Below, a man in a gray shirt, black pants and a helmet rides an electric scooter towards the top of the road
An old man in a gray shirt riding a bicycle entered on the left side of the road, and a taxi drove to the left side of the road in the middle of the road.
A tricycle with a blue roof on the left side of the road enters the screen
The picture is on a road. A white van on the right side drives to the left side of the road and waits to turn around. Then it turns around and drives to the right side of the road.
A red car on the right side of the road, many black cars and a white box truck drove across the left side of the road
The white vehicle above the road drove to the right side of the road, and then a silver car and a black car drove to the right side of the road.
Two men in black clothes and black pants in the lower left corner of the camera walked to the bottom of the sidewalk
Under the road, a man with a yellow hat, black clothes and black pants pulling a black suitcase walked to the left side of the road
At night, a car drove in on the right side, turned around on the left side, and drove to the right side of the road.
A taxi on the left drives to the right
Three cars on the right turned to the top of the road, and two cars drove to the left side of the road
The picture is in an office. Two men are working in front of the computer. A red car parked outside the window.
The computer screen in front of the man wearing a brown shirt turns blue
There is a road in front of the camera, and an orange road work vehicle is parked below. A large number of vehicles on the road drive to the lower right corner
Two dark blue cars passed by on the left side of the road. The white car on the top of the road turned around and drove to the right side of the road.
Two white trams pass by on the right side of the track and drive to the left side of the track
A black car on the top of the road drives to the left side of the road, and a silver car in the lower left corner drives to the upper right corner of the road
Many pedestrians are walking in the picture, and a black van enters on the right and drives to the upper left corner of the road
A silver car drove into the lower left corner of the road and drove to the upper right corner of the road
A silver-white SUV in the lower left corner of the road enters the screen
At night, many pedestrians are crossing the road in the lower left corner of the video
Two cars passed by on the left side of the road in the upper right corner of the road. Many pedestrians were walking on the right side. A red van passed by in the lower left corner of the road.
Two white cars on the right side of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road, and a red car in the center drove to the lower right corner of the road.
The picture is in a parking lot. There are many cars. In the center of the parking lot, there is a silver car, a black car and a motorcycle. The three cars drive through the upper right corner of the parking lot in sequence.
A black woman with a top on the left side of the red vehicle walks into the screen and then walks to the top of the parking lot
The left side of the red car drove into a beige car, a red car and a black motorcycle, and drove past the upper right corner in turn.
Five vehicles above the parking lot drove to the right, and a motorcycle on the left drove to the upper right corner
A black SUV drove into the left side and then left the right side
Two silver cars on the left drove past the upper right corner of the parking lot.
Five cars headed by an orange SUV in the upper left corner of the parking lot drove past the right side in sequence
A silver car and a red car passed by on the left side of the red car, and a woman in blue clothes walked across the screen
A white van on the left side of the red car enters the screen, and a green taxi in the upper left corner drives to the right side of the parking lot
A small silver car in the upper left corner of the parking lot and a white van driving in from the lower left corner drove past the right side.
There are many vehicles passing by on the left side of the screen and disappearing on the right side
A white vehicle in the lower left corner drives past to the upper right corner, followed by a black car passing on the right
A woman in a pink top and white pants walked into the left side of the red car, and a truck with a red front and a white box on the left drove to the right side of the parking lot.
Three cars in the upper left corner of the parking lot drive to the right in sequence
In the center of the parking lot, a man wearing a black helmet and a black jacket rode a motorcycle to the left side of the parking lot and left.
On the left side of the red car, a woman in a black dress and a white bag walked to the center of the screen, opened the door of the silver car, sat in, and closed the door.
The picture is of an office. In the lower left corner of the office, a man wearing a pink shirt and black pants walked up to the office and turned off the lights in the room.
The man above the office is walking back and forth in the room above
In the middle of a hall, a woman in a white top and jeans holding an orange bag walked to the elevator and pressed the button
A man in a yellow coat and black dress walked out of the center of the hall and walked to the left side of the hall and left.
The elevator opened the door, and a man in a gray shirt and black pants walked out of the elevator with two other men. A woman in white jeans entered the elevator.
The man in the blue shirt was on the phone in the hall. On the right side of the hall, a woman in a white shirt and black pants pulled a child in a black shirt to the door and left.
A woman wearing a white top and black pants on the right side of the hall walked out of the hall.
A woman in black on the left walked to the right side of the hall.
A man in white clothes and black pants walked to the camera at the door
In a hall, a woman wearing a green striped dress opened the door and entered the room, walking to the lower right corner of the room.
The woman in gray outside the door in the upper left corner bent down to pick up the red bag on the ground and the woman in white left. The woman in pink top, denim shorts and carrying a white leather bag then left.
A man wearing a blue shirt and white shorts outside the door opened the door, and a woman in white pushing a stroller in the upper left corner entered the room and walked to the lower right corner.
The woman in white in the lower right corner opens the sun visor of the stroller and puts the pacifier back into the baby's mouth
The woman wearing a green striped dress in the lower right corner of the room came out and opened the door and left together with the man wearing blue clothes and white shorts outside the door.
The woman in white pushed the stroller into the lower right corner of the room
A woman wearing sunglasses, a brown top, black pants, and a black leather bag walked out of the right side of the corridor and a man wearing sunglasses, a black top, and green shorts pushed the door to leave.
A man in white and a woman in red came to the car in the parking area below
Then the two walked downwards and left the camera's field of view
There are several vehicles passing by on the road above the parking area
There are two pedestrians standing on the sidewalk in the lower left corner, watching several vehicles passing by the road
A white car is coming from the intersection on the upper right and is parked on the road in the upper right corner of the camera.
Several vehicles passed by the road, and a man in blue got out of the white car.
The man in blue stopped briefly next to the white car and walked to the left with a woman in blue, and then walked down alone to leave the camera's field of view
The woman in blue stopped briefly at the yellow telephone pole and then walked down
Several vehicles passed by the road, and a man in white walked along the intersection to the vicinity of the building and then walked downwards out of the camera's view.
A pedestrian in the upper left corner crosses the road and leaves the camera field of view
Several vehicles pass by the road, and another pedestrian crosses the road in the upper left corner and leaves the camera field of view
A woman in white walked along the intersection and walked next to the building, then walked down and out of the camera's field of view
Two men walked from the building on the right to the left, leaving the camera's field of view
A man in black carrying a suitcase passed two men and walked into the building
Behind the man in black, a man in plaid clothes followed closely with a suitcase.
A black car parked on the roadside above, and several vehicles passed by the road
The black car drives left and leaves the camera field of view.
A man in white and a man in floral clothes are walking towards the top
The two of them stopped at the corner,
The man in white walks to the left and leaves the camera field of view.
The man in colorful clothes stood there
The man in colorful clothes walks to the left and leaves the camera field of view.
A woman in red followed closely behind,
Two pedestrians in the upper right corner are walking to the right
A pedestrian on the road in the upper right corner walks to the right and then leaves the camera's field of view.
Several vehicles passing by the road
An SUV is heading towards the left road. After a brief stop on the right road, it quickly drives towards the right road.
A man and a woman below are walking upwards, then turn right into the building, continue walking upwards, and finally turn right out of the camera's field of view
Several vehicles passing by the road
On a road, a car at the top is driving to the road at the bottom left
A car below is driving towards the road above, followed by several vehicles.
A black car above is driving towards the lower left road, followed by a motorcycle
A black car above is driving towards the lower left road, followed by several vehicles.
A cyclist drives towards the lower right road,
Two pedestrians walked towards the lower left road,
A pedestrian walks towards the lower right road
A white car below is driving to the left road.
The two cars above are driving towards the lower left road.
A cyclist drives towards the lower right road
A truck below drives towards the road above, followed by several vehicles.
A bus above stopped at the platform
Then the bus drove to the lower left road, followed by several vehicles.
A pedestrian is crossing the road towards the building on the right
A silver car below is driving to the left road.
A white car drove towards the highway above,
Several vehicles above are heading towards the lower left road
A pedestrian on the left is crossing the road and heading to the sidewalk on the right.
Several vehicles passing by the road
A black car below is driving towards the lower left road.
A cyclist and a red car drove towards the road above,
A motorcycle and a cyclist above are heading towards the lower left road
Several vehicles then passed by the road, and three pedestrians were waiting at the streetlight on the left sidewalk.
Several vehicles above are heading to the lower left road.
Then two pedestrians crossed the road and walked towards the lawn on the right.
Several vehicles below are heading to the lower left road
Two pedestrians walked to the right from the lawn and then left the camera's field of view.
A pedestrian was still waiting at the streetlight, then walked to the road and looked up.
A car below drives towards the lower left road
A car above is driving to the lower left road, and several vehicles below are driving to the upper road.
The pedestrian was pacing back and forth on the road,
A motorcycle passed by it and headed to the lower left road
Several vehicles above are heading towards the lower left road and the lower right road respectively.
In the parking lot, two women in black walked down and then left the camera.
A man in white walked out of the building on the left and went down the stairs and walked to the silver car on the left
The man in white enters the silver car,
The silver car drives towards the road below,
Silver car reverses,
A woman in yellow is standing on the roadside
Several people in a room are working. On the lower right side, a woman in white is flipping through notes on the table.
A woman in black on the lower left stood up, put the paper on the table behind her, and finally sat back down.
The woman in white on the right picked up the note and put it in the cabinet behind her. A woman in black came from the upper right and walked towards the workstation on the left.
The woman in black handed the paper to the man in white and then sat on her seat
The woman in black on the left turned her back and put the paper on the table behind her, then turned around and continued working.
A man in black enters the room
A man in black is refueling the car in the gas station, and a woman in rice clothes comes from the room on the left
After the man in black put the oil gun back into the machine, the woman in rice walked to the car on the right side of the man in black
The man in black walked into the room on the left, and the woman in rice drove a car and left the gas station.
Several vehicles passed by the road next to the gas station. The man in black walked out of the room and then returned to the car.
A car on the right is parked next to the refueling machine
In an office, three men are working, and the man in plaid on the left stuffs something into his mouth
Then the man in plaid clothes wiped his mouth with a paper towel. The man in gray clothes on the right stood up with a water cup in hand and walked upwards to talk to the man at the work station above.
The man in purple above gets up and leaves from the left door. The man in green is collecting water at the water fountain.
After receiving the water, the man in green looked up and drank water, then walked back to his work station and sat down. The man in purple walked back to his work station and sat down.
There is a woman in white working under the man in plaid. The man in plaid and the man in purple are talking and making movements with their hands from time to time.
Then the man in plaid took a sip of water and put his hands down to continue working. A man in black came from the right and talked with the man in gray at the work station on the right.
The man in black picked up the water cup and drank water, then left the camera's field of view
The man in purple stood up and walked to the right, then opened the door and left the office
The man in purple entered the office and returned to his workstation to continue working.
The man in black walked into the office again, drank water and talked with the man in purple, then returned to the workstation next to the man in gray and sat down.
The woman in white got up and came to the man in purple to talk to him, then returned to her workstation with the food.
In an office, a man in plaid clothes is making a call, and a man in purple clothes is standing beside him,
The woman in white above is also making a call, and the man in gray next to her is standing and looking at the man in plaid.
The man in purple comes to the lower left and leans on the workstation railing to talk to someone. The man in gray leaves the view of the camera.
Then the man in purple picked up the phone from his workstation and made a call. The man in plaid took notes while making the call.
The woman in white put down the phone and walked to the left,
The man in gray walked to the lower right workstation, took out a bottle and gave it to the man in purple.
The man in gray walked to the left, and then played with the bottle on the left workstation
There are several vehicles traveling downward on a road
Several vehicles pass by on a road. A motorcycle on the right side of the road bypasses the blue car and drives into the upper community. Several vehicles on the left side drive into the upper community.
A green truck on the left stopped at the gate of the community, and a bus came from the opposite side.
The screen switches to a road with several vehicles passing by.
A black car parked at the red building, and a man got out of the car
Several vehicles passed by on a highway. A black car and a white truck stopped at the intersection on the left side of the highway.
Then the black car drove towards the road below, and another black car on the left stopped at the intersection
Several pedestrians walked across the sidewalk, and several vehicles on the upper left drove to the road on the right
The black car and the white truck are driving towards the right road, followed by several vehicles
A road is covered with white snow, and a black car drives into the left side and drifts around the corner out of view of the camera.
Then the black car drove towards the road above and drifted into the camera. Then the car reversed and drove towards the road below.
A silver car drove up from the upper left side of the road. The silver car stopped on the side of the road and then drove to the road below. A truck below drove into the camera.
A man in black got off the truck and walked into the building on the right. Another man in black got off the truck and followed closely.
A black car below quickly drove towards the road above, then stopped in front of the truck, and a silver car behind it stopped beside it
A man in black got out of a black car and walked into the building on the right. A man in black got out of a silver car and followed closely behind.
Four men in black came out of the building and then walked to the truck to talk.
After the four people talked for a long time, two people entered the building again, and the other two entered the truck.
A black car on the left drove towards the road below, followed by a black mini, followed by a white car, and the truck turned around and drove towards the road below.
The screen switches to the road in the middle of the night, and there is no one on the road.
On a road, several passers-by walked down and then walked left or right. A red car on the right entered the road and parked on the side of the road.
A woman in black walked to the left on the sidewalk on the right. The driver of the red car got out of the car and walked to the road on the left.
In a toy store, a man in black looked at the toys on the right shelf, and several tourists passed by outside the door.
The man in black talked with the staff at the counter. The staff handed the piece of paper to the man in black, and the man in black handed the items in his pocket to the clerk.
Then the staff handed the items to the man in black. The man put the items into a handbag and left the toy store. During this period, several tourists passed by the door.
On a road, a bus drives to the right road
Several pedestrians walked to the left from the right road, and two buses on the left drove to the right road
Several pedestrians walked out of the building and walked to the left. Two buses on the left road drove to the right road, followed by two cars.
A black car drove to the right road, several pedestrians were walking on the road, and several vehicles were driving to the right road.
A truck drove to the right road and then stopped on the side of the road. A bus behind it drove to the right road, followed by a car.
The truck reversed and stopped in front of the building. Then a man got off the truck and a bus drove to the right road.
Then the man opened the trunk of the truck, unloaded the goods, and then pulled the goods and walked to the left. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road
A bus drives from the left to the right road, followed by several vehicles and several pedestrians walking back and forth on the road
There are several people on a road. Two people below are pushing a blue cart upwards. A man comes to the middle of the road.
On a road, a woman in pink clothes walked out of a building on the right and walked upwards.
A man in green is in front of the white car on the right,
Two women below are walking upward,
The man in green goes down
In an elevator, the elevator door opened and a woman in black came in
The woman in black fiddled with her hair in front of the mirror, then looked for something from her bag, and left the elevator after the elevator door opened.
Elevator door closed
In an office, three staff members are working, and the woman in white above is making a phone call
The man in green next to the woman in white is doing nothing, and the man in plaid picks up his mobile phone to make a call
The man in green looked at the woman in white and gestured, and the woman in white was taking notes while on the phone.
The man in green leaned his hand on the table, and then the woman in white put down the phone and talked to the man in green
The man in plaid clothes reads books, writes on the computer while talking on the phone, and the woman in white clothes keeps writing on the paper
Then the woman in white handed the paper to the man in green. The man in green handed the woman in white a piece of paper and then took out his mobile phone.
A man in black enters the office
The man in black sat down at his work station
In an office, a woman in blue above walks to the left and then leaves the camera's field of view
Two men on the left are working at the work station. The man in black on the inside holds his head in his hands, and a woman in white on the right is walking towards the upper left corner.
The man in black on the inside kept typing on the keyboard with both hands. The man in plaid and purple came in from the right and returned to their respective workstations.
The man in plaid clothes took out his mobile phone to play with it, then put it down and looked around
A woman in pink clothes enters the office, and then the man in plaid clothes leaves the view of the camera. The woman in pink clothes puts the items in her hands at the man in plaid clothes.
The woman in pink handed the item to the man in purple, and then gave it to the two men in the lower left corner. The man in purple handed the item to the woman in pink, and the woman in pink left the office.
On a road, a car below is driving towards the road above, and a car on the left is queuing up
A car below is walking towards the road above, and a pedestrian in green clothes is walking towards the road on the left
The yellow car on the right stopped at the intersection. The queued vehicles drove towards the road below. The yellow car drove towards the road below, followed by several vehicles.
A white car on the left drove towards the road below, a blue car on the right drove into the building on the left, and a white truck above drove towards the road below and stopped.
A red car on the left turned into the road and drove down the queue. Several vehicles lined up behind it.
The camera locks on a building, and then the camera rotates 360 degrees and still locks on the building
The bottom of the lens moves downward and then returns to the original state. The lens enlarges the field of view and then zooms back.
The camera moves to the right, shines on the parking area, and then focuses on a silver car, showing the license plate at a glance
Then the camera moves to the left to illuminate the license plate of another white car, then turns left again, and then zooms in
The camera moves to the right to the highway. Several vehicles pass by the highway and focus on a pedestrian walking to the right on the sidewalk.
Then the focus was canceled and the man in black was shined on the right. The man in black then walked into the car, and the camera turned to the building again.
The picture is a store with many customers in the store
A security guard in a blue shirt in the lower left corner of the screen walked to the top of the screen and opened the door. Three women carrying pink backpacks in the lower right corner walked out of the store. A brown man with a black hat in the bottom right corner of the screen walked to the top of the screen and opened the door. A man in a shirt and a man in a blue hat and a dark blue shirt pushed a trolley out of the door, and the security guard returned to the bottom of the screen.
A man wearing sunglasses, gray shirt and gray pants outside the door at the top of the screen opened the door and entered the store, and walked to the bottom of the screen.
A woman in a purple top and black skirt walked out of the door
A man in black clothes and black pants and a woman in black jeans walk into the store at the top of the screen. A bald man in blue appears in the lower right corner.
A man in black clothes and black pants outside the door at the top of the screen walked into the store and walked to the lower left corner of the screen
A woman in a light blue top, beige shorts, and a black satchel outside the door and a woman in black clothes and black pants entered the store.
The man wearing a black hat, black clothes and black pants on the left side of the screen left the store
Outside the door, a woman wearing a white top, jeans, and a black bag entered the store and walked to the bottom of the screen.
A woman wearing sunglasses, dark blue top and brown satchel entered the store and walked quickly to the bottom of the screen.
There is a large piece of grass in the picture, a big tree in the distance, a stone monument in the center, and the road on the right
There is a stone tablet with blue words on it, grass on both sides, and a tree behind it
There is a large piece of grass in the picture, a big tree in the distance, a stone monument in the center, and the road on the right, with many vehicles passing by.
There is a stone tablet with blue words on it, grass on both sides, and a tree behind it
The picture is on the side of a road. The woman in black on the left gets off the car, walks to the machine, puts in coins, and then leaves.
A woman in blue crosses the road in the upper left corner of the screen, walks to the center of the screen, and then walks to the lower left corner of the screen
A woman in white on the left side of the screen walked to the machine, then returned to the left side of the screen and opened the door.
A woman in a black coat and a pink leather bag at the top of the screen walks to the center of the screen
The picture is at the checkout counter in the supermarket. The cashier in the center of the picture is serving customers.
The man wearing a dark blue shirt and pants in the picture left the picture with a white plastic bag.
A man wearing a red hat and a white shirt enters the screen from behind. The waiter is scanning the goods, and the man leaves the screen.
A man pushing a shopping cart in the upper right corner of the screen walked to the checkout counter on the right.
The man with blue tie and white shirt on the right side leaves the screen
In the center of the screen, a man in a white shirt and yellow pants walked to the middle cashier to pay.
A woman in blue pushing a shopping cart in the upper right corner walked to the cashier on the right.
The man in white on the right pushes the shopping cart and leaves
A man in red on the left side of the screen walked from the bottom of the screen to the top.
The man in the red hat and white shirt in the lower right corner returned to the checkout counter in the middle, handed the things in his hand to the cashier, shook hands with the man behind him, took the white plastic bag on the checkout counter and left
The man in white in the lower left corner pushed the cart to the lower right corner, and the woman in blue on the right left with the cart.
The man in white clothes and yellow shorts in the center of the screen leaves with something.
A black woman in blue walked past the top of the screen, and walked to the left side of the screen with the central attendant.
The cashier on the right walked to the top of the screen.
The woman in white clothes and black pants on the right collected the goods and put them in the shopping cart and left.
The woman in blue top and jeans in the lower left corner of the screen and the cashier returned to the cashier in the center of the screen. The cashier walked to the left and the waiter on the right was packing the blue shopping basket.
The picture is at the checkout counter in the supermarket. The cashier in the center of the picture is serving customers.
The man wearing a dark blue shirt and pants in the picture left the picture with a white plastic bag.
A man with a red hat and a white coat on the right enters the screen, and the man in blue leaves the screen
A man pushing a shopping cart in the lower right corner of the screen walked to the checkout counter below. The man in a white shirt and black pants left the screen and walked to the top of the screen.
The waiter below is checking out and the man pays
A man in a red shirt and black pants on the left side of the screen walked to the top of the screen, stayed for a while, walked to the center and turned to the right side of the screen
A woman pushing a cart in the lower right corner of the screen walked to the checkout counter at the bottom of the screen, and a man in white in the center walked to the checkout counter.
The man in white in the lower left corner pushed the cart to the upper left corner of the screen, looked for something in the cabinet, then walked to the lower left corner of the screen and left.
The man in the red hat and white shirt in the lower left corner returned to the checkout counter in the middle, handed the things in his hand to the cashier, shook hands with the man behind him, took the white plastic bag on the checkout counter and left
The man in white clothes and yellow trousers in the center of the screen left the left side of the screen with a plastic bag
A black woman in blue walked past the right side of the screen, and walked to the top of the screen with the central attendant.
Another cashier walked to the right side of the screen,
The woman in white clothes and black pants below collected the goods, put them in the shopping cart, pushed the cart and left
The woman in blue top and jeans at the top of the screen and the cashier return to the checkout counter in the center of the screen, the cashier at the back walks up, and the waiter in the lower right corner is packing the blue shopping basket
There are several desks and white sofas in a room. A man in a blue-gray shirt and gray pants comes from the upper left corner of the screen and walks to the bottom of the screen to shake hands with the staff.
The man in black jeans in the lower right corner of the screen walked to the upper left corner of the screen and left the screen
The man in black in the upper left corner returned to the room and sat at the desk on the left
The staff below took out a document and handed it to the man in gray, and the man began to sign.
The man shook hands with the two staff members, then left the room. The man in black on the left walked to the table at the bottom of the screen.
A woman in a white top and black pants in the center of the screen walks to the right side of the screen, and a silver car drives past the right side of the screen on the road
A white pickup truck drives past the right side of the screen and drives past the upper left corner of the screen
A white car drives past the right side of the screen and drives past the upper left corner of the screen, followed by a silver car.
A black pickup truck passes by on the left and two men on bicycles pass by on the right side of the screen
On the left side of the screen, a man in blue rides a red motorcycle and a white pickup truck drives past the right side of the screen, and a pickup truck on the right drives past the left side of the screen
A white truck drives past on the left side of the screen. A large white object is pulled behind the truck and drives past the right side of the screen. There are vehicles passing each other on both sides.
A white pickup truck on the right side of the screen drives past the left side
A large black pickup truck and a silver car passed by on the left side of the screen and passed by on the right side
A black car and a motorcycle passed by on the left side of the screen
A blue car passes by on the right side of the screen and drives to the left
On the right side of the screen, three cars are driving past to the left, and on the left side, an electric tricycle is driving to the right.
There are many cars passing by on the left and right sides of the screen
A white pickup truck passes by on the right side of the screen and heads to the left
A silver car passes by on the left side of the screen, a blue tractor pulling goods passes by on the right side, followed by a sedan and a yellow car behind it
Many cars and a small number of motorcycles pass by on both sides of the screen
Two adults, a man, a woman and a child came to the top of the screen. They walked to the center of the screen. The three got into the silver car on the right side of the screen, and then drove away from the right side of the screen.
A woman wearing a white top, black pants and an orange backpack walks past the bottom of the screen, and a woman wearing black clothes and black pants walks above, holding paper in her hand.
Two women riding bicycles on the right and a woman wearing white jeans walked to the left of the screen
A cyclist in a pink shirt walked by on the right side,
A white pickup truck on the right side with a wooden shelf in the back turned around from across the road, reversed and stopped in the lower right corner of the screen
A woman in a blue dress and green bag at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
The picture shows a very wide road with a large number of vehicles driving on the left and right sides.
A blue truck and a white van in the center of the screen drive past the bottom of the screen
The right lane starts to move
A blue-green bus turns from the left side of the screen and drives past the bottom of the screen
The oncoming traffic at the top of the screen begins to pass through the bottom of the screen. There are many buses and a large number of cars passing down the screen.
Two blue-green buses and a large number of cars drove past the bottom of the screen.
A brown SUV and a motorcycle are coming from the left side of the screen, waiting for the red light in the center of the screen
A truck with a white front and gray cabin came from the left side of the screen and stopped behind the SUV.
Multiple cars and buses are passing horizontally at the top of the screen
Many vehicles are driving at the top of the screen, several yellow taxis and several buses passing by
The SUV and large truck waiting for the traffic light in the center of the screen start to drive. The silver large truck and the white small truck behind it turn right.
The screen moves to the iron stairs, with a red billboard on the wall of the shopping mall in the distance
There is a black minivan in the upper right corner of the screen. The screen is zoomed out, and a yellow school bus is passing by on the left and right.
The picture is placed in the center of the picture. There is a black car. A silver car passes by on the left. During this period, many cars pass in front of the camera. The picture zooms in to the license plate of the black car.
The screen zooms out. A large silver car drives to the parking space behind the red car in the center of the screen, then reverses into the lower left corner.
A green truck passes by on the left side of the screen. A man and a woman walk by on the right side. A black vehicle on the right turns around and reverses. During this period, the black vehicle drives past the screen.
A man in a gray shirt carrying something and a man in a blue shirt carrying a yellow bag walked past the screen
There is a white car in the center of the screen, surrounded by grass and trees
The picture shows two women walking to the right, with a white bus passing behind them
The screen is constantly rotating. A yellow box truck on the right side of the screen drives past the left side of the screen. Two yellow taxis and a white bus drive past in the screen. past the right side of the screen
There is a silver-gray car parked in the center of a downstairs, and a bus is passing by in the distance.
In the upper right corner of the screen, a man in a brown coat and black pants walked up and down the spiral staircase, and then walked to the right side of the screen.
A red truck on the right side of the screen drives from the right to the left
A white box truck, a red truck and a yellow bus pass by on the left side of the screen and pass by on the right side of the screen
A white bus passes by on the left side of the screen, a red truck passes by on the right side and drives to the left, and a blue truck drives to the right side of the screen.
A red bus drives into the left side of the screen, and many vehicles are moving in the center of the screen
On the right side of a consultation desk, a woman in a black striped top is talking to a man in a gray jacket. On the left, a man in a black coat and a man in a blue coat walk to the information desk. Four people talking
The man in black took out his mobile phone and a small card and gave it to the man in gray shirt. The woman in black striped shirt handed over a document
A woman in a pink coat and two blue suitcases in the upper right corner of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
In the upper right corner of the screen, a man in a red hat and a blue coat and a woman walk past the left side
A man in black enters the upper right corner of the screen and walks to the left side of the screen. Two old men wearing white hats and dark blue tops on the left walk to the top of the screen and leave.
Two clerks walked by on the left side of the screen, and the four people in the center of the screen were talking about something.
The picture is on a road, with an orange sanitation truck on the left parked in the lower left corner
A silver car and a black car on the left drive to the lower right corner of the screen
The orange sanitation truck in the lower left corner leaves, and an orange road vehicle and a black vehicle enter on the left
Black and white picture, a two-segment sightseeing cable car enters the right side of the picture and drives to the left side of the picture
A small car drives past on the left side of the screen with small lights on the roof
A car passed by on the left side of the screen and drove to the right side of the screen
During the day, a garbage truck with a white roof and flashing yellow lights drives past on the left side of the screen. It stops in the lower right corner and then exits the screen. A cable car behind it passes by on the right side.
A white vehicle pulling a small trailer passes by on the right side of the screen, and a green car drives to the lower right corner of the screen on the left.
A yellow taxi on the left drives to the lower right corner of the screen, followed by many vehicles
A bird under the front of the blue car in the picture walked onto the roadside, and then slowly walked to the bottom of the picture
In the lower left corner of the screen, an old man in a gray shirt, black pants and a brown bag walked to the top of the screen
A bird under the front of the blue car in the picture walked onto the roadside, and then slowly walked to the bottom of the picture
A silver jeep is reversing in the distance at the top of the screen, and then drives towards the left side of the screen from above
A silver jeep parked at the top of the screen
At the bottom of the screen, a woman in red clothes and black trousers with a black bag and blond hair, white top and black trousers walked past and entered the red jeep in the upper left corner.
The red jeep drives out of the left side of the screen
A white SUV at the top of the screen drives past the left side of the screen
A man in a brown-gray shirt, brown shorts and a green backpack at the bottom of the screen walks to the top of the screen
A white car at the top of the screen drove to the left side of the screen and stopped at the upper left corner of the screen.
The female car owner in a blue top and black pants walked to the right side of the screen and left at the bottom of the screen
A man in a black suit and a black leather bag at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen
A man in a dark red shirt and earth-colored pants came to the top of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen.
A man in a dark red shirt and earth-colored pants at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen
A man in a dark red shirt and earth-colored pants came to the top of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen.
The picture is an indoor exhibition hall. In the center of the picture, a man in a blue shirt and black pants is looking at something.
A man in black is on the phone in the lower right corner of the screen and walks to the left side of the screen
In the lower right corner of the screen, a man in black clothes and black trousers carrying a black schoolbag holding a courier box walked to the white counter in the center of the screen, placed the courier box on it, sorted the backpack, and then on the right side of the screen The lower corner left
In the lower right corner of the screen, a cleaning staff with a white shirt and brown pants holding a green vacuum cleaner walked to the top of the screen. After a short pause, he walked to the upper right corner of the screen, placed the vacuum cleaner in the upper right corner and left the screen.
In the lower right corner of the screen, a man in black clothes and black trousers, a man in a white shirt and black trousers, and a woman in green plaid clothes walked to the counter in the center of the screen and looked at the things in the counter. Two men chatting at the counter
In the lower right corner of the screen, a man wearing glasses in white clothes and black pants and a woman wearing glasses in white clothes and black skirts walked by and walked to the counter to talk to the woman in green clothes.
Two people in white shirts and black pants in the center of the screen walked to the lower right corner of the screen and left the screen, and the woman in a green plaid shirt walked to the upper right corner of the screen
The picture is in a front yard. There is a red car parked on the inside of the courtyard wall. In the upper right corner of the picture, a man with a blue shirt and gray pants and a gray shirt with gray pants are carrying two white and blue The bag moved to the right side of the screen
A man in a white shirt and white shorts on the left side of the screen walked to the top of the screen, got into the red car, drove the vehicle slowly in reverse, and stopped on the left side of the screen
A man in black clothes and green trousers on the left side of the screen rides a red bicycle passing by
In the upper right corner of the screen, a woman in a white top and jeans and a man in a gray top and jeans walked to the right side of the screen.
A man in a purple shirt on a bicycle passed by on the left side of the screen. He pulled a small box behind the bicycle and left on the right side.
A child wearing a blue helmet riding a bicycle enters on the left side of the screen and leaves on the right side.
In the upper right corner of the screen, a man in a brown shirt and beige pants rides a bicycle, riding past the left side
A woman in a blue top and black pants in the upper right corner of the screen walks to the right side of the screen
On the right side of the screen, a man in a light blue shirt and gray pants walked to the upper right corner of the screen holding an orange object.
There are several vehicles passing the road at the intersection, and a van on the left is heading to the road on the right
Several pedestrians passed the highway, several vehicles passed the highway, and then the camera switched
A white pickup truck on the left stopped at the intersection, a white car above stopped at the intersection, the white car drove to the left road, the white pickup truck drove to the right road and then left A black car followed closely behind
A car on the right is driving towards the road on the left
A truck on the road above stopped at the intersection, then drove to the left road, and several pedestrians crossed the road
A silver car on the left stopped at the intersection, then drove to the road on the right, followed by several cars, and a white car on the right drove to the road above
A black car above stopped at the intersection, a car below drove to the right road, then the black car above drove to the left road, and was blocked by a brown car reversing on the left
Then the brown car drove to the left road, followed by other vehicles. Several vehicles passed the road, and a black car above slowed down at the intersection.
Then the black car drove to the left road, the black car on the left drove to the right road, a white car above drove to the left road, followed by a car on the right, several Pedestrians passing by the road
A silver car on the right stopped at the intersection. Vehicles passed by the upper and lower roads. Then the silver car drove to the right road, followed by a black car and drove to the left road.
The black car started to turn around, and the red car behind it drove to the left road, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles from the left drove to the right road.
A red car below is driving to the left road, a car above is driving to the left road, and several vehicles on the left are driving to the right road
A red car above is driving to the left road, followed by a silver car
The black pickup truck on the right is driving to the left road, followed by the red car, the silver car below is driving to the road above, the black car above and the car below are driving to the left road together
A pedestrian crossed the left road, a white car stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the right road, followed by a car below, and a car drove to the left Square highway, a car above is driving to the left highway
A person walked out of the building on the left and entered the silver car in the parking area. The silver car reversed and then drove to the left road. During this period, several vehicles passed the construction road.
The silver car below drove to the intersection of the highway above, and then parked beside the highway above. Several vehicles and pedestrians passed by the highway
A black car on the left stopped in the parking area. Then the driver got out of the car and walked into the building. Several vehicles passed by the road.
A black car on the left drives to the right road, a silver car above stops at the intersection, and a red car below drives to the left road
A car next to the silver car drove to the left road. Several vehicles passed the road, but the silver car was still parked at the intersection.
A purple car on the left is driving to the right road, a black car below is driving to the road above, and a silver car above is driving to the left road
A silver car on the right drives towards the road on the left, followed by several vehicles, and two black cars drive above
A black car above is driving to the left road, another car is stopped at the intersection, a car on the right is driving to the left road, and the top black car is driving to the left road
A black car on the right stopped at the intersection, and then drove towards the upper road. A white car on the left drove towards the right road, and several vehicles passed by the road.
A black car on the right is driving to the right road, the white car above is driving to the left road, and the car below is driving to the right road
A black car below is driving to the right road, a blue jeep on the left is driving to the right road, the vehicle behind is parked at the intersection, and the black car below is driving to the road above
Several vehicles stopped at the intersection on the left drove to the right road, a white car on the left drove to the right road, and a car on the left stopped at the intersection
The black car below drives to the left road, the white car drives to the right road, followed by the vehicle behind it, and several vehicles pass by the road
Several vehicles below are driving to the left and right roads above, a black car on the right is driving to the left road, and a group of pedestrians are crossing the road above
A white car on the left drove to the right road, a black car above stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the left road, followed by the white car behind it
A silver car on the right drove towards the road above. The black car above stopped at the intersection and then drove towards the road on the left.
A white car on the left stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the right road. After a while, several vehicles drove to the right road, and a car on the right drove to the left road. A white truck stopped at the intersection
The white truck drove to the left road, followed by other vehicles. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road, and a car below drove to the right road.
A black car on the left stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the right road, followed by other vehicles. A white car on the right drove to the road above, and the bus behind it drove towards right road
A white car on the left drove to the right road, a black car on the right drove to the left road, followed by a bus, and several vehicles passed by the road
Several pedestrians passed by the road, the black car on the left drove to the right road, a car below drove to the left road, a black car drove to the road above, the black car on the right drove to the left square highway
The silver car on the right stopped at the intersection, the white car below drove to the left road, and then the silver car drove to the left road
The white truck on the right stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road. Several vehicles followed closely. A black pickup truck on the left drove to the right road.
A white pickup truck below is driving to the road above, and the bus on the right is driving to the road on the left
The black car below drove to the road above and stopped at the intersection. The red vehicle on the right was waiting behind it. Then the black car drove to the road above, followed by the other vehicles, and a car on the right followed. A red car drives to the left road
A van below is driving to the left road. Several pedestrians are passing by the road. Two cars on the left are driving to the right road.
A motorcycle below is driving to the right road, a white pickup truck is driving to the left road, and a black car above is driving to the left road. Several vehicles are passing by.
The bus on the left drove to the right road, the red car on the right drove to the left road, followed by several vehicles, the brown car above stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the left road
A white car on the right stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road, and the black car below drove to the right road
A red car on the left drove to the right road, the red car above stopped at the intersection, a black car on the right drove to the left road, followed by a silver car
Another red car above is driving to the left road, a red car on the left is driving to the road above, the vehicle behind is driving to the right road, and a red car on the right is driving to the left Then a black car drove opposite it on the highway.
A brown car below drove to the road above and stopped by the roadside. A black car drove to the road above. A black car on the left and the car below drove to the right road.
The bus on the right is driving to the left road. Several vehicles are passing by the road. The red car at the intersection above is driving to the left road, followed by the other vehicles.
A silver car on the left stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the right road, followed by a black car, and several pedestrians crossed the road above
The western silver car drove towards the upper road. The black pickup truck on the left stopped at the intersection and then drove towards the upper road. The red pickup truck and car behind it drove towards the right road.
The brown car below is driving to the left road, the left bus is driving to the right road, followed by several vehicles, and a black car above is driving to the left road
A white pickup truck on the right avoided pedestrians and drove to the left road. A red car followed closely behind. A silver car on the right stopped at the intersection.
The silver car waits for the pedestrians to leave and drives to the left road. The silver car on the left drives to the right road, and the black pickup truck above drives to the left road.
A number of pedestrians passed by the road, a silver car below drove to the right road, a purple car on the right drove to the left road, followed by several vehicles, and a gray car on the left drove to the right Highway, several vehicles following closely behind
A red car on the right is driving towards the road above, a white car above is driving towards the road on the left, several vehicles are passing by the road
The silver car and the black car on the left drove to the right road, the black car below drove to the road above and then stopped on the side of the road, and the black car drove to the road above
A silver car above stopped at the intersection. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road. The silver car jumped in and drove to the left road. The pickup truck behind it followed closely. The car on the left Take the road to the right
Several vehicles passed by the road. The two cars above stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road. The black car on the left drove to the right road, and the red car behind it stopped at the intersection.
A black car below is driving to the left road, a red car is driving to the right road, and a white car above is driving to the left road
Several vehicles on the left stopped at the intersection, the black car below drove to the right road, then several vehicles drove to the left and right roads, several vehicles passed the road, and the bus on the right drove to left road
The black car reversed in the left parking area and then drove to the left road. The white van above stopped at the intersection.
The black car below drives to the left road, then the white van drives to the left road, several vehicles on the right drive to the left road, and a pickup truck drives to the upper road
The brown pickup truck above is driving to the left road, and the white pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road
A white car on the right drives towards the left road, followed by another white car, a white truck on the left drives towards the right road, followed by the white car above
A car on the left and right roads is driving opposite each other. The bus on the right is driving towards the left road, and a silver car on the left is driving towards the right road. Several pedestrians are passing by the road.
A white car on the right drove to the left road, followed by a bus. A black car above stopped at the intersection, and the black car on the left drove to the right road.
The red car on the right avoids pedestrians and drives to the left road, followed by the car behind it, and the black car above drives to the left road
A silver car on the right is driving to the left road. Several vehicles above are driving to the left road. One of them, a black jeep, stopped in the parking area.
The silver car on the right stopped at the intersection, the red car on the left drove to the right road, followed by several vehicles, and the silver car drove to the road above
A white car on the left stopped at the intersection, the silver car below drove to the road above, the car behind drove to the right road, the white car behind and the white car on the left followed closely
Several vehicles passed the road. The black car above drove to the left road, followed by the vehicle behind it. The white truck on the left drove to the right road, and the two cars on the right drove to the left. highway
The silver car below drove towards the road above and finally stopped on the roadside. The black car in front of it moved upwards, and the black car on the left drove towards the road above.
A gray car on the left is driving to the right road, a black car below is driving to the road above, a dark red car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by the vehicle behind it, and several vehicles passing by highway
Several pedestrians passed by the road, the red car reversed in the parking area on the left and then drove to the road on the left
A black car above waits for pedestrians to pass the road and then drives to the left road and stops in the parking area. Several vehicles below drive to the right road.
Three pedestrians on the left entered the red car in the parking area, and the silver car above drove to the left road
The red car on the left drives to the right road, the white car on the right drives to the left road, followed by several vehicles
The red car reversed in the parking area on the left and then drove to the left road. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road. The dark red car above stopped at the intersection, and the pickup truck below drove to the road above.
The red pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road, the dark red car is driving to the left road, the black car on the right is driving to the road above, the vehicle behind is following closely, and a pickup truck is driving on the left road to the right
The white car below drives to the right road, followed by the black car on the left, and several pedestrians pass by the road
The black car on the left stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the right road. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road, and several vehicles on the left drove to the right road.
The black car below stopped at the intersection, the dark red car on the right drove to the left road, then the black car drove to the road above, and the left bus drove to the right road
The black car below is driving to the road above, and the black pickup truck on the left is driving to the road on the right.
A black car below is driving to the road above, a white pickup truck on the right is driving to the left road, a silver car on the left is driving to the right road, the bus is following closely behind, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A silver car on the right stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the left road, a car below drove to the right road, and a black car on the left drove to the right road
A red car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a black car behind it, a silver pickup truck below is driving to the left road, and several vehicles are driving to the right road
The silver car below is driving upward, the red car is driving to the left, the silver car stops at the intersection, the white car is driving to the right, the silver car is driving to the left, and a car is driving to the right square
A silver car above stopped at the intersection, a black car on the left drove to the right road, the silver car drove to the parking area of the left road, and a white jeep drove to the left right road
A black car on the right stopped on the side of the road, and a red car came from above.
The red car drove to the left road and stopped. The black car on the left drove to the right road. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road. The red car drove to the left road. Several vehicles passed by. highway
The white car above is driving to the left road, followed by the car behind it, and the red car on the right is driving to the road above
The jeep on the left is driving to the right road, the dark red car above is driving to the left road, the black car on the right is driving to the road above, followed by several vehicles
The black car below is driving to the left road, the white car on the left is driving to the right road, the white car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by the red car
The dark red car on the left stopped at the intersection, and then drove towards the road above. Several vehicles on the right drove towards the left road, the black car above drove towards the left road, and the white truck below drove towards the top. highway
Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road, a black car on the left drove to the right road, and the black car behind it stopped at the intersection
Then the black car drove to the right road, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles on the right drove to the left road
The red car on the right avoids pedestrians and drives to the left road. Several vehicles behind it follow closely behind, and several vehicles on the left drive to the right road.
The big white truck above stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road, followed by other vehicles
A black car on the right stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road. Several vehicles followed closely. The black car above stopped at the intersection and then drove to the left road. During Several vehicles passing by the road
Several vehicles on the right are heading to the left road, the black car above is heading to the left road, and the silver car below is heading to the road above
The silver car on the right drove to the left road, followed by a car. The black car behind it drove to the road above, and the car behind it drove to the left road.
The black car above is driving to the left road, the red car on the right is driving to the left road, the white car above is driving to the left road, and the car below is driving to the right road
The white car on the left is driving towards the road above, a silver car is driving towards the road on the right, the white pickup truck on the right is driving towards the road on the left, the white car above is stopping at the intersection
The white car on the left drives to the right road, followed by the car behind it, the white car above and the black car behind it drive to the left road
Several pedestrians passed by the construction road, a silver car below drove to the road above, and the bus on the right was parked aside
The bus on the right is heading to the left road, the black car below is heading to the road above, the black car on the right is heading to the road above, and the black car below is heading to the right road
The black car on the left is driving to the right road, the bus on the right is driving to the left road, the white car behind it is following closely, the white pickup truck above is driving to the left road, and the black car below is driving road to the right
The black car on the left is driving to the right road, and several pedestrians are passing by the construction road.
Several pedestrians passed by the road, the black car on the right drove to the road above, the two cars behind him drove to the left road, and the car on the left drove to the right road
The white car on the right drove to the road on the left, followed by several vehicles. The bus on the left stopped at the intersection, and the dark red car below drove to the road on the right, and then the bus drove towards right road
The black car above is driving to the left road, followed by the silver car on the right. Several pedestrians are passing by the road, and the red car on the right is driving to the right road.
The black car above is driving to the left road, the dark red pickup truck on the left is driving to the road above, the blue car above is driving to the left road, and the white car on the left is driving to the right road
The black car on the right is driving to the left road, the black car below is driving to the road above, and the white car on the left is driving to the right road
The red car on the right is driving towards the upper road, and the red car behind is driving towards the left road
The silver car on the left drove upwards, waited for pedestrians to pass by, and then continued driving on the highway above. A white van drove toward the highway on the right.
The dark red car above and the blue car behind are driving to the left road
The red car below is driving to the left road, and several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road.
The black car on the left is driving to the right road, the white pickup truck behind is driving to the road above, and several vehicles are passing by the road
Many vehicles pass by the road, the silver car goes to the road above, the silver car goes to the right road, the white truck on the right goes to the left road, several vehicles pass the road, the black car Take the left road
A silver car on the right is driving to the left road, a blue car on the left is driving to the right road, and the white jeep above is waiting for pedestrians to pass the road
The silver car below drives to the right road, the white jeep above drives to the left road, and the jeep on the right follows closely behind
A black car above is driving to the left road, a red car on the left is driving to the right road, a dark gold car on the right is driving to the road above, and the other vehicles behind are driving to the left square highway
A white car on the right drives to the left road, followed by other vehicles. Pedestrians such as a white jeep on the left pass the road and drive to the right road. A white truck below Heading to the highway above
Several pedestrians passed the road above, the van on the right drove to the left road, the white car behind it followed closely, and the silver car above drove to the left road
The white car above stopped at the intersection, the silver car on the left drove to the right road, the right bus drove to the left road, and other vehicles followed closely, several Vehicles and other pedestrians pass through the highway after
The black car above stopped at the intersection, the black jeep below drove to the left road, the black car above drove to the left road, and the black car on the left drove to the right road
The red car on the left drives to the right road, the red car above stops at the intersection, the white van on the left stops at the intersection, and the bus on the right drives to the left road
The red car above is driving to the left road, the silver car below is driving to the road above, and the black pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road
The silver car above is driving to the left road, the black car below is driving to the left road, and the black car above is driving to the right road
A black car on the left drove to the right road, the red car above drove to the right road, the silver car above stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the left road
The black car on the right is heading to the road above, the red car on the left is heading to the right road, the black car below is heading to the road above, and the car above is heading to the left road
A red pickup truck below is driving to the left road, a black car on the right is driving to the left road, the silver car above is driving to the road above, and the black car below is driving to the road above
The purple car at the upper intersection is driving toward the upper highway, several vehicles on the right are driving toward the left highway, the lower gray car is driving toward the right highway, and the left silver car is driving toward the right Highway, green car following closely behind
A white car below drives towards the road above, followed by a black car on the left, and several vehicles on the left stop at the intersection
A pickup truck below is driving to the road above, several vehicles are driving to the right road, and a red car below is driving to the road above
A red car on the left and a black truck behind it drive to the right road, the red car above drives to the left road, the blue car follows closely, and the truck below drives towards right road
The silver car drove to the left road, the black car drove to the right road, the white car and the bus followed closely, the silver car drove to the upper road, and then the car drove To the left, the blue car on the left is heading upwards
A silver car on the left is driving to the right road, a white car on the left is driving to the road above, and a black car in the rear is driving to the right road
Several pedestrians pass by the construction road, the white car on the left is driving to the right road, the white van on the right is driving to the left road, the black car below is driving to the left road, and the white truck Take the road to the right
The white car on the left is driving to the right road, and several cars above and below are driving to the left road
The black car on the left is driving to the right road, the silver car on the right is driving to the left road, the black jeep on the left is driving to the right road, and the black car behind is driving to the road above , the red car on the right drives towards the road on the left
The red car on the left and the black car below are driving towards the road on the right
The black car on the left drove to the right road, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles on the left drove to the left road
The silver car above is driving to the left road, the white pickup truck below is driving to the road above, and the black car above is driving to the left road
The black car above is driving to the left road, the black car on the right is driving to the left road, the black car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles on the right and above are driving towards left road
The red car on the right drives towards the road above, the black car on the left drives towards the road on the right, the bus follows closely, and the white car above drives towards the road on the left
The gray car above drives to the left road, several vehicles on the right drive to the left road, the white car on the left and other pedestrians pass the road, and the car below drives to the right road
A white car above drove to the left road and then stopped. The vehicle behind it followed closely. Several vehicles below drove to the right road.
The white car below is driving to the road above, several vehicles are driving to the left road, and the gray car on the left is driving to the right road
A silver car on the left is driving to the right road, a dark red car below is driving to the road above, and a white car on the left is driving to the right road
The white car on the right and several vehicles behind it drive to the left road, the bus on the left drives to the right road, and the black car below drives to the right road
The silver car above is driving to the left road, the truck on the left is driving to the right road, the bus on the right is driving to the left road, the red car above is driving to the black car behind it Take the left road
The black car on the left is heading towards the road above, the white car on the right is heading towards the left road, and the black car below is heading towards the road above
The blue car above is driving to the left road, the white car below is driving to the right road, the black jeep on the right is driving to the left road, and there are several vehicles on the left and below Take the road on the right
The two cars above are driving to the left road, followed by a silver car and a black car on the right, and the white bus on the left is driving to the right road
The red car below is heading to the road above, and the silver car on the left is heading to the road on the right
A silver car on the left drove to the right road, a black car above stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the left road, and the silver car below drove above, The car behind him turns to the right road
A white car below drives to the left road, a red car drives to the right road, and the silver car on the left stops at the intersection
The silver car drove to the right road, followed closely by the vehicles behind it. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road, and the black car above drove to the left road.
The blue car below drives to the left road, the silver car drives to the right road, and the red car in the left parking area drives to the left road
The black car below drives towards the road above, followed by the silver car, and the silver car on the right drives towards the left road, followed by other vehicles, and several vehicles pass by the road
The white truck below is driving to the right road, the red car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road
Several pedestrians passed by the road, the silver car above drove to the left road, the black car on the left drove to the right road, several vehicles followed closely, and the silver car on the right drove towards left road
The white car below is driving to the left road, several vehicles on the left are driving to the right road, the black car above is driving to the left road, and the two cars on the right are driving to the left Highway, the black car below is driving towards the highway above
The white pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road, the white van on the right is driving to the left road, and the silver car below is driving to the left road
Several pedestrians passed by the left road, the silver car above drove to the left road, the white car on the left drove to the right road, and the red car on the right drove to the left road
The silver car on the right drives to the left road, the black car on the left drives to the right road, and the other vehicles follow closely behind
The red car on the left drove to the right road, another silver car drove to the right road, a white car on the right drove to the road above, and the vehicle behind it drove to the left square highway, the silver car on the left is driving towards the highway on the right
A dark gold car and a silver car on the left drove to the right road, several vehicles on the left drove to the right road, and several pedestrians passed the road
A silver car below is driving to the right road, and a black car above is driving to the left road
A red car on the right is driving to the left road, a silver car on the right is driving to the road above, and a black car below is driving to the right road
The black car below is driving to the road above, the black car on the right is driving to the left road, and the white truck on the left is driving to the right road
The black car on the left is driving to the right road, the white car above is driving to the left road, and the car below is driving to the right road
The silver car below is driving to the road above, the two buses on the right are driving to the left road, and the white car below is driving to the right road
A black car above is driving to the left road, a red car below is driving to the left road, a silver car is driving to the road above, and several vehicles are passing by.
The black car above and the car behind are driving to the left road. During this period, several vehicles passed the road. The dark gold car on the right is driving to the left road.
The bus on the right is driving to the left road, the white van above and the other vehicles behind the bus are driving to the left road, and the two silver cars on the left are driving to the right road
The white car on the right is driving to the left road, the white car below is driving to the road above, the red car above is driving to the left road, several vehicles are passing by the road
Several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road, and the white car on the left is driving to the right road
The silver car on the right is driving to the left road, the black car above is driving to the left road, the black car behind is following closely, and the red car on the left is driving to the right road
The white car below drives to the right road, the black car on the right drives to the road above, the white car above drives to the left road, and the red car below drives to the right road. The gray car on the right is driving towards the road on the left
Three cars on the left drove to the right road, a white pickup truck on the right drove to the left road, and the white truck above stopped at the intersection
The black car on the left is driving to the right road, the white truck above is driving to the left road, followed by several vehicles behind it, and a car on the right is driving to the left road , a car drives towards the highway above
A white car on the left is driving to the right road, the white car below is driving to the left road, the red car is driving to the upper road, and the left white car is driving to the upper road
The red car on the right is driving to the left road, the black car above is driving to the right road, the red car is driving to the left road, the red car and the black car are facing each other on the left and right roads OK
The silver car on the right is driving to the left road, the white car above is driving to the left road, and the silver car on the left is driving to the right road
The red car and silver car above are driving to the left road, and the red pickup truck and bus on the left are driving to the right road
A black car above stopped at the intersection, a black car on the left drove to the right road, a black car on the right drove to the road above, and another black car The car drives to the left road
The black car above is driving to the left road, the black car on the left is driving to the road above, and the red car and bus behind are driving to the right road
A black car below drives to the right road, the white car above stops at the intersection, and the silver car on the right drives to the left road
The gray van below is driving to the right road, the silver car above, the black car behind and the right car are driving to the left road
The black car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by the other vehicles. The two black cars on the left are driving towards the right road, and the white van and black pickup truck above are heading towards left road
A white car on the right is driving to the left road, a silver car on the left is driving to the road above, and the silver car above is driving to the right road
The white van on the left is driving to the road above, a black car above is driving to the left road, and a black car on the left is driving to the right road
A black car above is driving to the left road, a silver car on the right is driving to the left road, and a white car above is driving to the left road
A person walked out of the right side of the intersection and walked to the left side of the intersection
The white car parked next to the sidewalk above the intersection drives towards the intersection
A white van drove into the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
A bus entered above the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection
A red car enters below the intersection and drives towards the top of the intersection
A white car next to the sidewalk on the left side of the intersection started and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
A white van drove out from below the intersection, got on and drove towards the intersection
The traffic entering above and below the intersection goes in opposite directions
A white car entered the intersection and drove down the intersection.
A car that drove in from below the intersection turned around and then drove out.
A bus enters above the intersection and drives towards the bottom of the intersection
A car entering from the left side of the intersection drove toward the bottom of the intersection
A bus enters below the intersection and drives towards the top of the intersection
A car drove into the intersection and drove to the left side of the intersection and parked next to the sidewalk.
Two cars enter the left side of the intersection and drive toward the bottom of the intersection
A red pickup truck enters the left side of the intersection and drives toward the bottom of the intersection
A black jeep entered the left side of the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
A car enters the right side of the intersection and drives towards the bottom of the intersection
A white pickup truck drove into the right side of the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
Two cars entered the intersection and drove toward the intersection.
Two cars entered from the left and above the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out.
A parked car next to the sidewalk on the left side of the intersection started and drove to the left side of the intersection.
A red car turned to the right side of the road followed by a black car.
A silver-white car passed by the road quickly and then drove out.
Three people in red clothes passed by the road and walked towards the building on the upper side of the road. A white pickup truck drove towards the road.
A white pickup truck passed by the road quickly and then a gray car followed him out.
A red car and a gray car drove quickly from the left side of the road.
A black car drove from the right side of the road to the left side of the road and then drove out.
A black off-road vehicle passed by the road and then drove out quickly.
A red sports car turned from the right side of the road, and a silver-white car was parked on the upper side of the intersection.
A black car passed by the road and drove out quickly. Several vehicles turned and drove out.
A white car drove up from the intersection and turned around and drove away.
A white car passed by the road and drove away quickly, and a red car turned and drove away.
A white car passed the intersection quickly and then drove away. A red car stopped at the intersection.
A red car turned to the left side of the road and then drove out. Several people passed the intersection.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out. A black car stopped on the left side of the intersection.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then left the intersection quickly. A bus stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A bus drove to the left side of the intersection, and a red pickup truck passed by the intersection and then drove out.
A red car and a black car passed the intersection quickly.
A black pickup truck and a gray bus passed the intersection.
A gray car slowly passed the intersection and then drove out. Several people passed the intersection.
Two men in black clothes quickly walked to the lower side of the intersection and then walked out.
A white car turned to the left of the intersection and drove out.
A black car was parked on the side of the intersection, and several people passed the intersection.
A black pickup truck turned at the intersection and left quickly.
A black car passed the intersection and drove to the right side of the intersection. A woman in black clothes was preparing to cross the road.
A number of vehicles passed the intersection and then drove away. A white bus stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A white bus drives to the right side of the intersection, and a white bus drives to the left side of the intersection.
A crane slowly turned to the left side of the intersection and then drove out.
A white car passed the intersection and then drove out. A red car was parked at the intersection.
A red car turned a corner, a bus was parked on the right side of the intersection, and several vehicles passed the intersection.
A yellow truck drove from the lower side of the intersection to the upper side of the intersection and then drove away. A black car drove to the left side of the intersection.
The white bus passed the intersection and then drove away. A white truck stopped on the right side of the intersection.
The white truck passed the intersection and drove out. A red car passed the intersection quickly and drove away.
A yellow truck stopped on the right side of the intersection, and a red car turned.
A yellow truck passed the intersection, followed by a white truck and then drove out.
Several cars turned to the left of the intersection and then drove out.
There is a man in black clothes wandering on the lower right side of the intersection.
A black off-road vehicle turned to the left of the intersection and drove away.
A white pickup truck passed the intersection and then drove away, followed by a red car.
A skateboard man in black clothes passed the intersection quickly, and a white car stopped at the intersection.
Several people passed by the road and walked out, and a black car passed the intersection.
A white car passed the intersection quickly, and several people passed the intersection.
A white bus stopped on the right side of the intersection, and a black car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out, and a black pickup truck turned.
A white pickup truck passed the intersection and then drove out quickly, and a silver-white car stopped on the upper side of the intersection.
Several vehicles turned, and a white truck stopped on the left side of the intersection.
A white bus is parked on the right side of the intersection, and a black pickup truck turns the corner.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out, and a blue car passed the intersection.
A blue car drove out, and a silver-white car turned the corner.
A white SUV stopped on the left side of the intersection, and a white car passed the intersection and drove out.
Several black cars turned and drove out.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out, and a white car stopped beside the intersection.
A white truck turned and drove out, followed by a silver-white vehicle.
A blue car turned to the left of the intersection, and a white car passed the intersection.
A white car turned and drove out, and a black car stopped beside the intersection.
A man in gray clothes walked through the intersection followed by a man in black clothes.
A silver car and a black car drove to the left side of the intersection and then drove out.
A red car turned and drove out, and a black car drove towards the upper side of the intersection.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out. A black car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A black car turned and drove out, and a man in black clothes passed the intersection.
A red pickup truck was parked on the right side of the intersection, and a man in black clothes walked to the right side of the intersection.
The red pickup truck drove out quickly, and a black car stopped on the upper side of the intersection.
A black vehicle passed the intersection and a red car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out. A black car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A silver-white car stopped on the upper side of the intersection, and a black car drove to the right side of the intersection.
A black SUV turned to the left side of the intersection and drove out.
A white truck turned to the left of the intersection, and a bus was parked on the upper side of the intersection.
A red car passed the intersection and drove to the left side of the road, and a bus stopped on the upper side of the road.
The white bus passed the intersection and then drove out. Several cars passed the intersection.
A large white truck passed the intersection and then drove out, and a silver-white car passed the intersection.
A silver-white car stopped on the upper side of the intersection, and a white car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
Several cars passed the intersection and then drove out, and a golden car was turning.
A black car is turning, and a white truck is passing the intersection.
A black pickup truck stopped on the right side of the intersection, and a gray car passed the intersection.
A black pickup truck drove to the right side of the intersection, and a white truck drove to the left side of the intersection.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out, and a black car stopped on the left side of the road.
A silver-white car turned towards the upper side of the intersection, and a black car stopped at the lower side of the intersection.
A black pickup truck passed the intersection and then drove out, and a red car passed the intersection.
A white car turned, and a silver-white car passed the intersection.
A black car turned and then turned to the upper side of the intersection and drove out.
A large white truck stopped on the left side of the intersection, and a silver-white car stopped on the upper side of the intersection.
A black car passed the intersection, and a large white truck drove to the right side of the intersection.
A black car passed the intersection, and a large white truck stopped on the left side of the road.
The white truck drove out, and a white truck turned to the left of the intersection.
A red car is turning, and a black car is driving quickly to the right side of the intersection.
A white car turned, and a black car stopped on the left side of the intersection.
A white bus slowly passed the intersection and then drove out.
Several cars passed the intersection quickly and then drove out.
A blue car stopped on the side of the road. A woman got in and drove away, followed by a red car.
A black car turned to the left side of the road and then drove out. A black car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A black off-road vehicle drove out of the parking space and drove away. Then a black car parked there, and several turned and drove away.
A black car passed the intersection quickly, and a man in gray clothes walked across the crosswalk.
A red car slowly passed the intersection and then drove out.
A brown car passed the intersection quickly and then drove to the right side of the intersection.
The red car passed the intersection quickly and then from the right side of the intersection, a silver-white car turned.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out quickly, and a white car turned the corner.
A red car passed the intersection, followed by a blue car, and a white bus stopped at the intersection.
A black car passed the intersection followed by a white truck.
A black car passed the intersection, and a brown car stopped on the upper side of the intersection.
A red car turned, followed by a white car and then drove out.
Several vehicles quickly turned to the left side of the intersection and then drove out.
A large white truck passed the intersection and drove out, followed by a black car.
A black car stopped at the intersection, and a man in black clothes was crossing the road.
A black car drove to the upper side of the intersection and then drove out. A red car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A black car stopped on the upper side of the intersection, a black car drove to the left side of the intersection and then drove out.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out. A silver-white car and a white car were passing the intersection.
A silver-white car and a white sedan drove out, and a silver-white pickup truck turned the corner.
A white car turned, a white truck passed the intersection and then drove to the upper side of the intersection.
A red car quickly drove to the left side of the intersection and then drove out.
A red car passed the intersection and then drove out. A large white truck stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A black car passed the intersection and then drove out, and a black off-road vehicle turned the corner.
A white bus drove to the left side of the intersection and then drove out. A black car stopped on the upper side of the intersection.
A black car drove from the right side of the intersection to the left side of the intersection, followed by a black car.
A black car turned towards the intersection and there was a white car behind it.
A brown car passed the intersection and then drove out, and a black pickup truck turned.
A black car passed the intersection and then drove out, and a blue pickup truck passed the intersection.
A black pickup truck passed the intersection quickly and then drove out, and a black car passed the intersection.
A black SUV stopped on the left side of the intersection, and a man in black clothes was crossing the road.
A black SUV passed the intersection and drove out, followed by a brown car.
A white truck turned to the left of the intersection and drove out.
A white bus stopped on the left side of the intersection, and a white bus stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A gray pickup truck turned, and a white bus drove to the left side of the intersection and then drove out.
A white car and a black car passed the intersection.
A large white truck passed the intersection and then drove out from the left side of the intersection.
A red car stopped at the intersection with several people crossing the road.
A red car turned and drove out. A black car passed the intersection.
A blue car passed the intersection and then drove out from the right side of the intersection.
A silver-white car drove through the intersection and then drove out. A white car stopped on the right side of the intersection.
A white car passed the intersection and then drove out, and a black car turned.
A gray car passed the road quickly and drove away.
A black car passed the intersection and then drove away. A red car stopped on the left side of the intersection.
Several cars passed the intersection and then drove out. A man in black clothes passed the intersection.
A black car turned and a gray car stopped in the middle of the intersection.
A white truck turned slowly and drove out.
Several cars passed the intersection and then drove out, and three people crossed the road.
A red car passed the intersection and then drove out. There were many cars preparing to turn.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out. Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out.
A white bus was parked on the left side of the intersection, and 3 black cars were parked on the upper side of the intersection.
Several cars passed the intersection and then drove out quickly.
There is a traffic jam on the left side of the intersection, and a white truck drove through the intersection.
There is a traffic jam from the right side of the intersection to the left side of the intersection. There are several people crossing the road.
The vehicles on the left side of the intersection passed by and then drove away. There are many cars on the right side of the intersection.
A red car turned and a white car passed the intersection.
A white bus parked on the right side of the intersection, and a black off-road vehicle parked on the left side of the intersection.
A white bus passed the intersection and then drove out, and a white car passed the intersection.
A red car drove through the intersection and drove away.
A white car stopped on the left side of the intersection and then drove to the right side of the intersection.
A white car passed the intersection and drove away quickly.
A white car stopped on the left side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the intersection and then drove away.
Several cars turned slowly and then drove away. A white bus passed the intersection.
A silver-white car passed the intersection, followed by a black car.
A red car turned a corner and then drove away.
A red car passed the intersection and then drove away from the left side of the intersection. A red car was turning.
A white car passed the intersection and then drove out, and a red truck parked on the upper side of the intersection.
A white hook truck was parked on the left side of the intersection, and a black car passed the intersection.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out. A white bus passed the intersection.
A black car turned to the left of the intersection.
A white off-road vehicle turned to the left of the intersection and drove out.
Several vehicles passed the intersection and then drove out quickly.
A white bus from below the intersection is driving to the top of the intersection
A black van parked on the left side of the intersection moved forward slightly.
The black van drove toward the bottom of the intersection
A red car drove into the intersection below and drove towards the intersection.
Five pedestrians on the left side of the intersection cross the road and walk to the right side of the intersection
A white bus drove in above the intersection, stopped at the platform, and some people got on the bus and drove to the bottom of the intersection.
Four people walked out of the intersection on the right side, and one of them in blue clothes walked to the right
A red car enters the right side of the intersection and drives to the left side of the intersection
A red van entered on the left and headed towards the bottom of the intersection
A green pickup truck drives below and heads towards the top of the intersection
Many black vehicles drove in from the left and parked on the road
The black vehicle on the left side of the intersection drove under the intersection, and a yellow pickup truck drove out from under the intersection.
The yellow pickup truck drives towards the top of the intersection
Two black vehicles entered the intersection below
Two black vehicles drove towards the top of the intersection
A red car drove into the intersection
The red car drives towards the bottom of the intersection
A blue car drove into the intersection, and some people gathered on the sidewalk below the intersection.
The blue car drove towards the bottom of the intersection, and a white car on the left side of the intersection drove towards the bottom of the intersection.
A red car drove into the right side of the intersection and parked next to the sidewalk on the left side of the intersection.
A red car drove into the intersection and drove to the left side of the intersection.
A white bus drove in above the intersection, stopped at the platform, and some people got on the bus and drove to the bottom of the intersection.
A red bus drove in above the intersection, stopped at the platform, and some people got on the bus and drove to the bottom of the intersection.
A row of cars drove into the left side of the intersection, among which there was only one white vehicle, driving towards the bottom of the intersection
A red car drove out from the left side of the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection
A white bus entered above the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection
A red bus entered above the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection
A white pickup truck and a brown Jeep drove in below and drove to the intersection.
A white bus drove in below and drove to the top of the intersection
A white bus drove in from above and drove to the bottom of the intersection. At the same time, a white bus drove in from below and drove to the top of the intersection.
A white bus drove into the intersection and drove to the intersection.
A silver car entered the left side of the intersection and drove towards the bottom of the intersection
A silver car and a white car drove in above and below the intersection, driving in opposite directions.
A black car drove into the intersection below and drove to the top of the intersection
A red van drove into the left side of the intersection and drove towards the bottom of the intersection
A white pickup truck entered above the intersection and drove towards the bottom of the intersection
There is a group of people on the sidewalk on the left side below the intersection walking towards the top of the intersection
A silver car drove in from above the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection. Three cars that drove in from the left side of the intersection stopped at the intersection.
A red car drove into the intersection and drove towards the venue.
A large amount of traffic appears above and on the left side of the intersection heading towards the bottom of the intersection
A white truck and a white bus drove into the intersection below and drove to the top of the intersection in turn.
The traffic on the left side of the intersection moves downwards
There is a white jeep on the left side of the intersection heading towards the bottom of the intersection
A large number of vehicles on the left and right sides of the intersection are moving toward the bottom of the intersection
A white bus drove under the intersection and drove to the top of the venue
There is a white car in the traffic on the left side of the intersection driving towards the bottom of the intersection with the traffic.
There is traffic on the left and above entering the intersection below
A red car drove into the left side of the intersection, paused briefly in the middle of the intersection and then drove to the bottom of the intersection.
A red pickup truck drives in from below and drives towards the top of the intersection
A bus drove in from above, stopped at the platform, and some people got on the bus and drove to the bottom of the intersection.
Drove into some traffic on the left and stopped under the intersection
The traffic on the left moves toward the bottom of the intersection, and some traffic enters below the intersection and moves toward the top of the intersection.
A fire truck entered from above the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection
The traffic coming from the left below the intersection is blocked
Traffic flow under the intersection resumes
The traffic on the left side of the intersection is heading below the intersection, and a bus is driving above the intersection.
The traffic above the intersection and the bus heading below the intersection
A fire truck entered above the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection
A bus entered the intersection and stopped in the middle of the intersection due to traffic jam. There was also traffic on the left side of the intersection.
The bus drives towards the bottom of the intersection
A yellow pickup truck drove in under the intersection, stopped at the intersection for a while and drove to the left side of the intersection
A white bus drove in from below and drove towards the intersection.
A car on the left with its turn signal flashing drove towards the bottom of the intersection, during which many vehicles passed by
A bus entered below the intersection and drove towards the top of the intersection
The traffic on the left and above the intersection is heading below the intersection
A white bus drove into the intersection below and drove to the top of the intersection.
Three cars driving in from the left and right sides of the intersection drove towards the bottom of the intersection
In the traffic flow above the intersection, a white van drove toward the bottom of the intersection with the traffic flow.
A bus entered below the intersection and drove towards the top of the intersection
A red car drove into the intersection and walked towards the top of the intersection.
The traffic entering above the intersection moves towards the bottom of the intersection
There are three pedestrians below walking to the right of the intersection
A jeep enters below the intersection and drives towards the top of the intersection
A white jeep drove into the intersection below and drove toward the intersection.
A car above the intersection is driving to the left of the intersection
A white jeep drove into the right side of the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
Two buses entered below the intersection and drove towards the top of the intersection
A car enters below and above and drives to the left of the intersection.
Three pedestrians walked out of the building on the left side of the intersection and walked to the right side of the intersection.
Three people walked out of the right side of the intersection and walked to the left side of the intersection.
The white car parked next to the sidewalk above the intersection drives towards the intersection
A white van drove into the intersection and drove down the intersection.
A bus drove into the intersection and drove to the bottom of the intersection.
A red car enters below the intersection and drives towards the top of the intersection
A white car next to the sidewalk on the left side of the intersection started and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
A white van drove out from below, got in and drove towards the intersection
The traffic coming from above and below goes in opposite directions
A white car entered the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
A car driving in from below the intersection let pedestrians pass at the corner of the intersection and then drove to the left of the intersection.
A bus enters above the intersection and drives towards the bottom of the intersection
A car entering from the left side of the intersection drove toward the bottom of the intersection
A bus enters below the intersection and drives towards the top of the intersection
A car drove into the intersection and drove to the left side of the intersection and parked next to the sidewalk.
Two cars enter the left side of the intersection and drive towards the bottom of the intersection
A red pickup truck entered the left side of the intersection and drove down the intersection.
A white jeep entered the left side of the intersection and drove towards the bottom of the intersection.
A car enters the right side of the intersection and drives towards the bottom of the intersection
There is a large amount of traffic passing through the intersection
Two cars drove in from above the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection.
Two cars drove into the left and top of the intersection and drove toward the bottom of the intersection. Then several more cars drove past, and one car changed direction.
There is traffic passing above and below the intersection, and vehicles change directions from time to time.
A parked car on the right side of the intersection started and drove to the left side of the intersection. Some pedestrians passed by.
There are some vehicles passing by in the upper and lower directions.
A white van on the left side of the intersection is driving down the intersection, and there is traffic passing through.
There are two buses at the intersection that stop for a moment and then pass.
The car on the left side of the intersection drives toward the bottom of the intersection together with the traffic coming from above the intersection
There is a large amount of traffic on the left side of the intersection heading downwards
There are many vehicles passing by at the intersection
The red pickup truck entering from below is heading towards the top of the intersection
A black car on the right drove toward the bottom of the intersection
A blue car and a black car drive out of the screen one after the other
Two cars followed and drove out of the screen
A passerby walked by and a black car drove away.
Three cars drove out one after another.
Start subtitles
The man in black bent down and stood up straight, and the man in blue walked next to him
The man in short sleeves slowly walked to the opposite side of the two people
The short-sleeved man picked up the things on the shelf, put them back and walked away
A white car drove to the railing and stopped
A black car drove to the railing and stopped
A person walks to the side of the white car
The person walked out of the screen and the black car drove away.
The white car drove away, and the two cars stopped in front of the railing.
The two railings are opened one after another and the two cars drive away
A woman with yellow hair crossed the road.
A man walked by with a suitcase
Lens change There are cars and bicycles passing by on the road. There is a group of people talking about something on the side road.
Many vehicles passed, and two white cars turned.
Lens change: A white car makes a U-turn on the road, followed by many vehicles passing by.
A long bus passed by
Two cars in opposite directions passed each other on the road
A black car drives by, the lens changes
A black car passed by, a woman was walking on the path in the middle, and several people crossed the road.
The camera switches to a static white car, and then switches again
A car drives over and an electric car drives over.
The camera changes after several cars pass by. On the relatively empty road, there are many cars parked on the street.
The red car stopped at the intersection and waited for the passing vehicles.
Two people pulling suitcases walked by the side path
A bus and a black car passed by together.
The lens changes between pedestrians and vehicles.
The camera shows a stationary white car.
Lens transition A black car drives by.
Cars keep turning around during lens transition
A person crosses the road. Two cars stopped
The camera switches to the traffic flow on the road. There are two people, one big and one small, passing by on the path.
The train starts and leaves
The lens changes constantly and cars pass by the stationary white car.
The camera switches to vehicles on the road.
A black car turns around, other vehicles drive normally
A person crossed the road, two cars stopped and drove away, and there were cars passing by on the road below.
There are cars passing by all the time, and the camera moves quickly
A woman was walking on the path in the middle of the road, and three cars passed by.
A passerby walked past a stationary white car.
There are cars passing by in the right lane
A very long car drove by.
A white car parked in the middle of the road waiting for passing vehicles
A white car drives by and a black car drives away
There was a group of people walking on the path, and a woman crossed the road.
Two women follow them across the road, the camera changes
There are constantly pedestrians and vehicles passing by on both sides of the stationary white car.
A car drove by and two people passed each other on the road.
A blue car turns around.
Vehicles and pedestrians walk normally
A long train passed by with several cars, and several passers-by passed by
A woman crosses the road and a black car makes a U-turn
A black car drives normally, lens change
A woman walked past the white car
A black car drives by, the camera continues to change
Two red trains passed by
Two cars stopped and drove away at the intersection
There is constant traffic coming and going, and passers-by passing by.
There are cars passing by in the right lane, and a person is crossing the road.
A large black car drove by
A black car turns onto the road and a white car drives in the opposite direction
A black car stopped and waited for the car in front of it to pass before turning around.
A gray car turns around
Two cars stopped at the intersection in the upper left corner, and one car turned around
A red train passes by, and there is traffic next to it
A white car drove by, followed by a red car.
Camera transition after the black train passes
The right lane keeps passing vehicles, and then the camera rotates
Three cars followed and turned around one after another. A man in orange clothes walked by pulling a red bucket on the roadside.
A car turns right and passes by, a car drives by quickly, and a car stops
Two cars, one black and one red, drive away
The camera turned around, a man stood behind a truck on the roadside, and many cars passed by
A group of people and two dogs are crossing the road, and several cars are passing by in the center of the camera.
The camera rotates, there are two cars and a speed limit sign, and there is a moving thing on the right side of the screen
In a second-floor balcony corridor, a yellow and white dog rummaged through a trash can with a yellow inner core and a purple outer shell.
The dog pulls the yellow inner core of the trash can out of the purple outer shell
Garbage was knocked over
The dog rummaged through the garbage wrapped in red plastic bags
The dog leaves from above the video
On the first floor, a man riding an electric three-wheeler drove past from top to bottom on the left side of the video.
On the left side of the video, a black dog on the left side of the stairs raises its head
On the first floor, a man wearing a purple shirt and brown trousers passed by from the left side of the video waving his hands from bottom to top.
On the first floor, the long white steel pipe passes from the left side of the video from bottom to top
On the first floor, a man wearing a flesh-colored top passes from the left side of the video, from bottom to top.
A person appears in the upper left corner of the second floor screen
There are many vehicles driving on the small road in the town
There is a white and purple striped car on the left, turning right through the left lane and entering the right intersection
The little boy standing in front of the camera took off his glasses and put them on the table on the left
Little boy rubs his eyes
The little boy turned to look at the man behind him
The man behind the little boy waved his right hand to the little boy
The little boy rubbed his eyes and patted his hair
The man behind the little boy waved his right hand to the camera
The man behind him lowered his head and looked at his mobile phone
The cashier collects the customer's money and puts it into the cash register
The cashier takes out yellow coins from the cash register and gives change to the customer
The customer left with the bag on the left side of the cashier
Passing a supermarket shopping cart in the upper left corner
A woman wearing a white top and black pants, leading a little boy in a red hat and red top and a little boy in a black hat, purple top and gray pants, passing through the corridor from top to bottom
A middle-aged woman with curly hair in a blue dress and carrying a black crossbody bag walked down the corridor from top to bottom while looking at her mobile phone
A woman wearing a pink top and carrying a bag walks from the right side of the screen
No one passes by in the mall aisle
There are multiple people dressed in black walking side by side from right to left in the center of the screen
In the lower left corner of the screen, a female cleaner in a brown suit removed the blue fence on the left
The female cleaner dismantled another blue fence and casually turned back to the camera to look at the surrounding situation
The female cleaner took away the pole that removed the railing
The woman with blond hair and black clothes in the lower left corner is talking on the phone with her back to the cash register and fiddling with something in her hand
The woman with blond hair and black clothes turned around to check the status of the cash register screen
In the upper right corner of the screen, two fat men wearing black coats, red hats and orange tops looked at the cashier in the first row.
The two came to the cash register in the second row. The man in the black coat found a box of items in the cash register and showed it to the man in the orange shirt.
Two fat men wearing black coats and orange tops found something in the second cashier row and left.
The upper left corner is outside the cashier. A man wearing a gray shirt walks past from the lower left to the upper right.
The fat man in a black coat temporarily placed the found wallet in the cash register.
Two fat men wearing black coats and orange tops came to the checkout position of the woman with blond hair and black clothes.
The fat man in the black coat bent slightly and rummaged in his pocket.
The fat man in the black coat took out a silver tablet from his left pocket, put it in his right hand, and continued to rummage in the pocket with his left hand
The fat man in an orange shirt walked through the door on the left and left the cashier position.
The fat man in the black coat took out some small things in his left pocket and counted them in his hand
The fat man in black coat looked at the cashier screen
Find the corresponding amount of money and gave it to Jinfa
The female cashier in black clothes took the money and showed him the price
The female cashier in black clothes hands the change to the fat man in black coat
The man accepted the money and looked at the cashier interface.
The man took away the drink he purchased and left the cashier area
On the left side of the screen, two fat men in white with short black hair and beards walked out of the supermarket checkout counter one after another, moving from the top of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
A little girl in a red top, black pants, white shoes and a ponytail walks towards the center of the screen
The little girl leaves to her right
There are two women in black long skirts and black headscarves on the right side of the center of the screen
The woman on the left looks to her right
The woman on the left is sorting the contents of her right handbag
The two women turned around and left to the left
On the left side of the screen, a man wearing a light blue shirt walks out of the cashier aisle and leaves.
The left side of the screen is wearing a dark blue shirt and walking out of the cashier position.
The supermarket staff in black trousers on the right side walks out of the camera from the checkout position
All supermarket staff wearing dark blue shirts and black trousers on the screen walk away from the checkout position and leave the camera
Far away in the office, a tall, thin man in white clothes walked to someone else's workstation to ask for something.
Sitting in the central office is a fat man in a striped shirt using a mobile phone
Fat man in striped shirt is talking on the landline phone
The fat man hangs up after the call ends
There is a man with a black hat and blue striped short sleeves nearby. He picks up the long black box on the table and checks it before putting it down.
Black hat with blue striped short sleeves picked up the worn steel ladder on his right side and moved it out the door
A man with a red hat and a white coat opened the door for a man with a black hat and blue striped short-sleeves carrying a ladder.
The man in the white shirt waited for the ladder man to go out and closed the door.
A pair of men and women with short hair, wearing white tops and black shorts appeared in the lower left corner walking along the road together.
On the left side of the screen, a red car is coming from the same direction as the man and woman.
Men and women with short hair and wearing white tops and black shorts are crossing the road
A long silver car drove past the road
The red car reverses into the garage in the upper right corner of the screen
A white car in the lower left corner starts to start.
The white car in the lower left corner turns around and drives towards the highway in one direction
There is a white car passing from behind to front on the road
A black battery car drives past from right to left
There are two white cars passing by in the upper left corner of the image
In the video, a red car drives to the left
There is a light blue car driving towards the screen in the video
The white car is driving towards the screen behind the light blue car
In the video, there is a golden van driving towards the end.
In the video, there is a man wearing a blue helmet and gray clothes riding a blue electric car driving towards the distance and turning right.
There was a man wearing a pink shirt riding an electric bike and drove away and turned right
There are two men wearing white shirts, yellow shirts and helmets sitting on an electric car and driving toward the camera.
There is a black car driving past from left to right on the road in the distance
The cashier in the lower left corner is collecting money and handing the receipt to the customer
The customer received the receipt from the cashier
A cashier in a white T-shirt placed two cookies in a white plastic bag
The cashier placed two cookies in a white plastic bag and handed them to the customer
A female cashier on the right puts the received money into the cashier box
Customer receives change
Take away the bag on the left side of the cashier and leave
The cashier has his back to the cashier, arranging his appearance
Two cashiers in white shirts are communicating with customers
There are two cashiers talking to each other nearby.
The female cashier wearing a hat nearby is talking to the fat lady opposite
The cashier brought something to a customer in a white T-shirt
A fat lady in a white apron from a distance came over to observe the cashier situation
The man in white T-shirt looks towards the counter
The man in the white T-shirt left
The cashier wearing a hat brings a box of things to the female customer in a striped top
A man in a red shirt entered the store and chatted with a female customer in a striped shirt about what he had purchased.
The fat lady in white top once again bought something that the cashier brought
Four cashiers settled goods for their respective customers
The cashier brings the items on the counter to the customer
A man in a green shirt outside the door came to the counter to look at the pastries.
A female customer in front of the checkout counter took her product backpack and left
Three cashiers are talking to each other
A person is packing things for a customer
The lady in the black and white striped top picked up her things and walked away with the man in the red top.
A man in the distance stood up and walked to the right of the camera
A man in a white T-shirt comes to the right of the camera and walks to the left
A man in a light gray shirt came to the right of the camera to come to the woman working in the camera
The man walked from her left to the right
Man points out problems in computer files for women
There are sparse road vehicles on the left side of the road
The lane on the far right is relatively congested
White, blue, and black vehicles coming from the left on the highway from left to right
The right lane is mostly filled with red vehicles and is congested
A blue-green bus is coming from the left lane
The blue-green bus and the white van on the right changed lanes and continued driving.
A black private car came to the left intersection and turned into the left lane
Vehicles in the right lane become sparse
Many blue-green buses and cars are coming from the left lane
Four buses in the distance turn right at the intersection
There are five men talking to each other in the lower left corner of the screen
There is a man in a gray shirt below the screen bending down to pack things.
There is a man in a pink shirt among the five men
There is a man in a gray shirt below the screen pushing a large box of heavy equipment away
There is a man in a blue shirt and a man in gray clothes packing things in the distance of the screen
There is a white old man nearby crossing the road and walking into the distance
The white old man entered a silver car
The silver car started and left the camera along the road from the upper right to the lower left
There is a woman in red putting things on the counter in the distance
There is a woman in red in the distance leaving the cashier in the distance and going to the cashier nearby
A man in blue manages the cashier in the distance
The woman in red is talking on the phone and eating at the nearby cashier
The man in blue clothes in the distance is packing things in the cashier
A man with purple and blue stripes walked past the checkout counter of the woman in red while sorting things out
The woman in red put down the phone and walked around the cashier to the right side of the screen.
Man in white shirt leaves
The man in blue shirt is wiping his mouth
The man in the blue shirt listens to a person outside the screen and leaves the screen.
No one is in the office in the screen
The man in the blue shirt returns and pulls out the chair to sit down
The man in the blue shirt dropped his things on the ground
The man in the blue shirt got up and turned off the light
The man in the blue shirt turned off the light and walked to the right and left.
The first cashier, the male cashier in blue shirt hands things to the customer
The man in black shirt at the first checkout counter organized the purchased items and put them into the bag
At the second checkout counter, the woman in the green hoodie packed up her things and carried them away
The second cashier, the red checkered man watches the woman pack her things
At the first checkout counter, the man in yellow coat packed his things and left the supermarket.
The repairman with black and orange stripes enters the hall
A man in a blue shirt walking on the phone from left to right of the screen
The woman in the white top and the woman in the black skirt came from the right and entered the hall.
A woman in a long skirt walked out of the hall
The curly long-haired woman entered the screen and said hello to the woman working in the lower left corner and walked away.
The woman in blue top picked up the computer and walked away
The woman nearby got up, packed her things, and walked out
The curly-haired woman turned back and walked towards the woman in white clothes nearby to talk.
The curly-haired woman left the camera
A man in the distance drank water at the work station
A man in the distance is packing things and pacing back and forth repeatedly
The man in blue walks out of the camera
The administrator in orange clothes is directing the movement of the crane
The man in black comes from the left aisle
A couple walks towards the camera from the left aisle
A pair of old people walk towards the camera from the left aisle
Two pedestrians are crossing the road in the distance
From bottom to top a man in white riding a bicycle passed by
A woman is walking along the road
The woman is running
A white car turned around at the intersection and moved forward
A white-collar man ran over from a distance
White-collar man returns
A blue car drove to the upper right side of the street and stopped
A white car is driving along the road from bottom to top
A bald head walked through the workshop
No one passes by the workshop
A fat man walked in
The roof collapsed in the upper right corner
Many people ran to the place where the roof collapsed
Everyone is observing the collapsed place
Everyone gathered to the left
A courier in red came in and chatted with the aunt at the counter
Many customers in black clothes enter the lobby
Many red cars shuttle on the road
Many white private cars shuttle on the road
The yellow bus drives past from left to right from a distance
There was a foreigner in white passing by with a cup of coffee.
The foreigner in white got into the car and drove away
White car parked on the roadside
There is a white car driving the wrong way at the intersection
People in blue uniforms are walking and resting on the roadside
The man in blue and the man in black came to get something from the trunk of the car
Khaki woman walks from near to far
The old man in black shirt came closer after wiping the car
The black old man walked out of the house and entered his car
The black woman gives the customer a manicure and then walks away
A child came in at the door
The woman in front finished her manicure and left
The mother of the little girl at the door came to the counter to call someone
A man in black came to the counter to pack his things and entertain the man in gray
A woman in purple came to the counter and asked
A man in a helmet came next to the woman in purple, and the two continued to talk.
Many construction team members came to the hall to ask questions
The cashier collects money for customers step by step
Many people came out of the hall and raised big-character posters to the camera
Finally a man in white clothes entered the hall
A black man and an Asian man entered the house one after another
An old man in white clothes passed by the door
The teacher in red is writing on the blackboard on the podium
Students are flipping through the book below
The boys made the shot
The boy in white made a three-step layup and hit another ball
The boy in black made a layup and shot a goal
A male customer walks from the middle to the right
No one passes by the supermarket in front of the camera
A man with a satchel walks to the center of the camera and stays
A man in blue left after browsing the products on the left
A man in a white coat walks past the screen
The man with the shoulder bag came to the right shelf to pick up something
shoulder bag male leaving
There is a female receptionist sitting in front of the lobby counter
A man in a gray shirt came to the front desk
The man in gray shirt picked up the leaflet at the front desk and communicated with the woman at the front desk
A balding man communicates with 2 staff at the front desk
The bodyguard in black behind him is observing the surrounding situation
There is a white car parked in front of the camera
The white car drives away
Man in purple shirt refuels black car
Woman in blue top fills gas for green car
The man in the purple shirt left to pay the money
The woman in blue top left to pay the money
Customers come to the counter
The cashier stands in front of the counter
The cashier went to the left to withdraw cash and came back
The woman in red came to the shelf and took down a tube
The customer takes the money back to the wallet
Customer leaves
The woman in red put the tube back and left
Looking down at the bottom of the screen, a person is packing boxes
A man with a backpack is sitting on a chair in the upper left corner
A staff member in the upper right corner is sitting in front of the computer
The man below got up and took a package and a list and placed them on the box
The man leaves
The man on the lower right got up, took the order and returned to his seat
The man with the backpack got up and went down to pack the things on the table into his bag
The old man in electric wheelchair walks across the screen
The man in red shirt walks through the hall
Other people in black clothes also walked by
The fat man talks to the man in the glass
Man looks something up on the computer for him
The people in line at the back chatted with the man in the glass after the fat man left.
People in blue clothes and green clothes are reading newspapers in their seats
An old man walked in from the door and communicated with the counter
A man in white clothes puts his backpack on the counter
The man in white is packing things in the corner
The woman in the suit processed the files and left
A man in white came to the counter to handle things
A woman in black walked away along the road
A man in black came to the intersection looking down at his mobile phone.
A man walking his dog on the roadside
Two men are walking along the road
A black and white car drove towards the intersection
Many people got off the black and white cars, packed their things and left along the road
There are two people in white clothes crossing the road
Two blue and white buses drove past one after another
The man in blue and red hat is waiting for the big truck to pass before crossing the road
A man moved from the left side of the counter to the right side and then paced back and forth
The man in blue clothes approached the man from the left side of the counter
Two people are talking
The man in red clothes walked from the house to the front of the man at the counter
The man in red clothes lowered his head to pick up the things and put them back on the counter
The man in red clothes returns to the left side of the counter
Three people are talking
The man in red clothes entered the counter and continued talking with the other two
Man in pink shirt is looking for something on the table
The fat man in blue and the man in pink are talking to each other
A woman in red came and continued talking with them
Three people came to refuel their cars.
After the three people paid the money, they drove away.
A large silver-gray car drove over to refuel.
A white car drove by on the road
Another white car passed by on the road
A pedestrian in black clothes walked by
Another white car passed by on the road
Many old people walked by
A gray car drove over and came to the gas station to refuel.
The white car on the left drove away
Man refueling the car
The man walked to pay
A black car came next to it
The owner of the black car got off and left
The black car owner returned and drove away
A blue and yellow car drove sideways in the distance
A green car is coming from the direction
There are many people crossing the road in the distance
Many red cars are coming one after another
A green car is approaching
A red car drove across the road
There are many red and yellow cars passing by
There is a man with blue and black stripes looking around in front
A lady in black and white walks forward
The lady in white comes to pick something before the product
The man in blue and black stripes talks to the woman in white
The two left together
A woman with short hair pulled a small trolley to the distant shelf to select
The man in purple and black coat comes to pick things
The man in purple and black coat took the things and left
The blonde girl put the product back on the shelf and left
The man in blue backpack puts the flyer on the white car
A woman pushing a stroller spreads on the road
The man in white is crossing the road in the distance
The woman in blue walked by carrying a basket
The man in gray clothes is walking along the road
The woman in red crosses the road from left to right
The man in white walks forward with a cup
The man in gray is crossing the road
A black car passed the intersection and drove forward
A yellow and silver car drove away along the road at the intersection
There are red and blue electric cars driving past in the distance
A white electric car drove along the road
A blue electric car drove along the road
The red electric car drove past the road
Black-clad supermarket attendant is chatting with customers
A man wearing sunglasses and a white hat walked into the supermarket to look for something
A firefighter and a man in red clothes and black clothes walked into the center
A man in black walked by carrying something
A man in red clothes is coming
A man in black walks forward
There is a black three-wheeler and an electric car passing by outside the fence
There is a black three-wheeler and two electric vehicles passing by outside the fence
The doorman in yellow clothes opens the door for the black car to go out
A woman in black walked through the center of the hall
A woman is writing and working at the workstation
A man in brown clothes came to the counter to handle business
A man in a red hat is doing business
A staff member carrying a box went out carrying something
Ms. Suit The staff member got up to work
A silver car turned and drove into the parking space
Five men bowling
A man in white sat down in the rest area
A man in white walks forward
The man in yellow and the man in purple are talking across the railing
Someone is walking around at the workstation in the distance
There are transport vehicles walking in queue on the road in the distance
There are men and women and old people crossing the road at the zebra crossing
Sanitation workers sweeping the floor next to the flower bed
A large number of vehicles passing through the green light
Three people chatting around a cart carrying boxes on the sidewalk
Three people below entered the house
Female pedestrian crossing the street
Many electric vehicles are driving interactively on the road
A man in red clothes walked out to the street.
The black car is reversing on the road
A man in blue waving at the door
A yellow car drove past the road
Many people walked in the corridor
A waiter walked through the corridor holding a kettle
A man in black walked through the corridor
The man in yellow walked through the corridor with his child
Many people walked in the corridor
Many people and women walk through the corridor in pairs
A waiter walked over pushing a trolley
A woman in the elevator was chatting and laughing and pressed the elevator button
The old man and the man and the woman got on the elevator
Elevator door closed
The old man in red outside the elevator pressed the elevator button
Four old men chatting in front of the elevator
The old man in red and gray clothes got on the elevator
The man in pink clothes walks to the lower right corner
The man in pink clothes pressed the elevator button and stood in front of the elevator
The man in pink clothes leaves
The woman in black and the woman in pink got on the elevator with a family of three
The man in pink pressed the elevator button again
Three people got on the elevator
There are men and women in the elevator
Many people crowded into the elevator room on the right
A blue car drove past
Two white cars drove past one after another
There are pedestrians walking by
Two white cars drove past
Two white cars drove past one after another
A black jeep drove over
One or two white cars are reversing
A truck drove past
A large blue car drove over
Customers take out money from their wallets to pay
Cashier change
Cashier scans two items
Cashier changes money for customers
A little girl in a small skirt looks at her mother looking for money
The cashier scans the goods for the next person
The cashier gives change to the little girls mother and picks up things on the table
The cashier scans the product for the next customer
Most of the products are meat
A white car passing the lifting pole in the parking lot
A blue car passes the lift pole in the parking lot
A white car passed by the small road of the manor
A bald man in black is walking at the work station in the distance
A man in black walked in from a distance
A man in yellow clothes took a box from nearby and put it on the ground
A man in a red sweater came over to look at something
The man in yellow gave a pen and asked the man in red to sign something
A woman in white walks closer
Two people riding electric bikes drove over from a distance
The electric car passed by a person carrying goods
A man in blue clothes drove an electric car past
A man in black with an electric car drove past the door
A man is pacing next to an electric car
A fat man in black clothes on the left sways left and right
A man carries a box of cardboard boxes into the house
The man placed the cardboard box on the ground and arranged it
2 people in the middle are talking
The man in black adjusts in front of the camera
The man in purple came in front of the camera
The man in black stands and watches at the camera
The man in black leaves
The man in purple adjusts in front of the camera
The man in purple took a few steps back and looked in front
The man in purple leaves
The man in black and the man in purple enter the house
The man in purple walks in front of the camera
The man in green came over and covered the lens
The lens is adjusted to black and white
Yellow cars and white cars pass by on the road
Many white cars passed by one after another on the road
A man in red is moving things
The man in black came over and put the box high
The man in black moved the box down and put it on the trolley
Two customers walked out of the store
A woman in white comes in to choose products
The woman in white has selected the goods and is ready to pay
A man in camouflage clothing came to pay with something in his hand
A man in black came to pay with something in his hand
A woman in green clothes came in at the door
A black car crossing the road
A person is running across the road
Many black vehicles driving on the road
There is a bus turning right at the intersection
A white car drove past the road
A man in black walked to the right from the intersection
A man in black walked away from the intersection
A white car drove by in the distance
A white car drives up in the distance
A little black man is walking in the distance
A small black car is approaching in the distance
A white car is turning in the distance
A white car is driving from the road
There are 2 white cars driving from the road
A man in black walked to the right from the intersection
A red car is turning in the distance
A white car drove past in the distance
A man in black with a blue backpack walked left from the intersection
A black car drove past the road
A man in black walked to the left from the intersection
A red car drove past on the road in the distance
A man in red walks to the right from the intersection
A black car drove past in the distance
A red car drove past in the distance
Two bicycles passed by in the distance
Three black cars are coming from a distance
2 black cars and 1 white car are driving in the distance
A man in black walked to the left from the intersection
A man in black walked to the left from the intersection
The woman in red is using a computer and mobile phone
The woman in blue is using the computer
There are many people walking in front of the hall
The man in white and the man in red are walking forward in the distance
The man in white sat on his seat
The man in red speaks in front of the podium
The man in white is reading a book in his seat
A woman and her child are walking on the road
There are many vehicles running outside the window
A store where many people enter to choose things
The salesperson is packing things
Sales move the chair to make way for the aisle
The old man walked through the aisle
The old man took out a long black wallet-like strip from the sales counter and placed it on the table
The salesperson brought a large vase to the old man
The old man pointed to the salesperson what he wanted
The old man stole his wallet
The salesperson brought what the old man wanted
The old man pretended to point to something else
The old man is pacing in the store looking for something
The salesperson brought a large ornament for the old man
The old man left
The woman in blue went to the counter and checked the items.
The woman in blue is on the phone
Many workers are working in the production workshop
Workers are unloading and binding goods
Workers are unloading and binding goods
Workers in the distance move goods from high places to low places
Workers in the distance move goods from high places to low places
A person is reversing
A car is coming
There are pedestrians walking in the distance
A car passed on the road
There are pedestrians walking in the distance
2 cars passed by on the road
A car drives past the camera in the direction of the camera
There are pedestrians and children crossing the road in the distance
There are cars passing by on the road.
There are pedestrians walking in the distance
Three people came to the store counter to settle
There are many people selecting products in the distance
The woman in blue pointed in a direction to the salesperson
The woman in blue handed the money to the salesperson, and the salesperson changed it
A woman and an old man in blue walked past
An old man in black walked by
The old man is looking for something at the counter
A woman in white walked by
The old man took out something from the counter and gave it to the customer
A woman walked through the corridor
A man is riding a bicycle in place
A man and a woman are communicating with each other
An old man pushing another old man in a wheelchair passed by
A man walked by holding a coffee cup
A man in white walked by holding a coffee cup
A man in white is looking at something at the counter
A woman in black is looking at something at the counter
The woman in black is sitting on her seat and talking on the phone
Many people gathered together to watch the exhibits
Some people saw the exhibits and received things
Some white-collar workers gathered together to chat
Most people passing by the stall took a look and left
Man in red and black striped shirt is packing things in the trunk of the car
The man with red and black stripes closed the trunk and opened it again
The red and black striped man took the things in the house and closed the trunk
The man left
A man comes to get something from the shelf
A man carrying a blue bag came to get something from the shelf
A man carrying a blue bag came to pick up a book from the shelf and flipped through the book
Two white-collar workers came to pick books from the shelves
Here come two ladies entering the store one after another
36 Ms. goes to the counter to check out
The man checks out and gives change for the woman
Two men came to select products on the shelf and check out
People in black are walking in the distance
There is a person reversing the car
A car is coming
There are pedestrians walking in the distance
There is a person nearby who is about to go out
Someone is walking the dog in the distance
The curly-haired woman enters the screen and greets the woman working in the lower left corner and walks away.
The woman in blue top picked up the computer and walked away
The woman nearby got up, packed her things and walked out
The curly-haired woman turned back and walked towards the woman in white clothes nearby to talk.
The curly-haired woman left the camera
A man in the distance drank water at the work station
A man in the distance is packing things and pacing back and forth repeatedly
A white car passed by the small road of the manor
A bald man in black is walking at the work station in the distance
A man in black walked in from a distance
A man in yellow clothes took a box from nearby and put it on the ground
A man in a red sweater came over and took a look
The man in yellow gave a pen and asked the man in red to sign it
A woman in white walks closer
Two people riding electric bikes drove over from a distance
The electric car passed by a person carrying goods
A man in blue clothes drove an electric car past
Khaki man walking in the upper right corner
Khaki for men to lean on at the bar
walked past a woman in white
Two people are talking
The woman in red got up and walked out
The man in green got up and walked out
Many people walking and stopping in the corridor
Two pedestrians are crossing the road in the distance
Riding a man in white on a bicycle from bottom to top
A woman is walking along the road
A white car turned around at the intersection and moved forward
A white-collar man in the distance ran over and then went back
A blue car drove up next to the white-collar man
A white car drives along the road from bottom to top
A yellow and silver car drove away along the road
There are red and blue electric cars driving past in the distance
A white electric car drove along the road
A black private car turned and drove into the left lane at the left intersection
Vehicles in the right lane become sparse
Many blue-green buses and cars are coming from the left lane
Four buses in the distance turn right at the intersection
A white car turns right
Two pedestrians are crossing the road in the distance
A white car drove past in the distance
Many white cars and purple cars passed by one after another on the road
A man and woman in blue clothes nearby
There is a red car driving over and waiting for the traffic light.
A white car drove past in the distance
Many white cars passed by one after another on the road
A white car drove past in the distance
Many black cars passed by one after another on the road
There are transport vehicles walking in queue on the road in the distance
Many white and blue cars passed by on the road.
Many black cars passed by one after another on the road
Many black cars passed by one after another on the road
A white car drove past in the distance
There are transport vehicles walking in queue on the road in the distance
Many white and blue cars passed by on the road.
Many black cars passed by one after another on the road
Many white cars passed by in the distance
There is a person running across the road
There are many black vehicles driving on the road
There is a bus turning right at the intersection
A white car drove past the road
A man in black walked to the right from the intersection
There is heavy traffic on the overpass in the distance
Many white cars passed by in the distance
A bicycle crossing the road
Many white cars passed by in the distance
A black car passed by in the distance
A white car drove past the road
Many white cars passed by in the distance
A black car stopped on the side of the road, waiting for the traffic light.
A white car drove past the highway
Many white cars drove past in the distance
A white car drove past on the highway
Many white cars drove past in the distance
Many cars are driving on the road according to the green light
Many cars drive on the road according to the green light, and some turn right
One or two yellow buses passed by
Many white cars passed by in the distance
A black car passed by in the distance
A white car drove past the road
Many white cars passed by in the distance
There is a man looking for something nearby
A fat man in a blue shirt stood behind the glass, picked up a white item from the bookshelf next to him and looked at it
A woman wearing a hat and a pink coat is sitting at the table, typing in front of the lit computer screen
A man wearing a white shirt with a black lanyard around his neck sat in front of the desk. The man held up the chair with his hands, and then held the table with his hands to pull his body closer to desk
Several cardboard boxes blocked most of the lens. Behind the cardboard boxes was a long-haired woman wearing a green top walking between the desks.
The camera panned to the left, revealing an office scene. There were many closely arranged desks in the room, and many employees sat at the desks.
A man sitting on the left was talking to the person next to him, and then he lowered his head
A man in a blue shirt on the far right stood up and started walking around the office
The man who just spoke on the left raised his head again to talk to the male colleague sitting next to him. When the man spoke, he waved his right hand.
While listening to him, the male colleague picked up the water glass placed on the table, took a sip of water, and then put the glass back on the table.
A short-haired woman on the right picked up the white paper from the table, walked through the office, and walked to the far left
A man wearing a white shirt and glasses stood in front of the table on the left, looking down at the things on the table
A man wearing cyan short-sleeved blue jeans walked to the table from the right, holding a black camera in his left hand
The man with the camera sat down on the chair in front of the table
The man sitting at the desk stood up the white rectangular box on the table and placed the camera in his hand on the box
The man picked up a roll of wide tape from his left hand and placed the tape on the right
The man sitting at the desk put his arms on the table
The man sitting at the desk is turning his head and looking around
The standing man picked up a black-covered notebook with his left hand
A gray car drove past the corner, a white car and a blue car were parked on the left side of the road, and a white car was parked on the right side of the road. , there are many shops on both sides of the road
A black car drove past the corner, and a gray car followed closely behind it
In front of a store with a blue background and white sign on the right, a truck with a red front and black compartment drove out of the store in reverse, and then drove onto the road.
On the right side of the road, a short-haired woman wearing a green top and black shorts rides a blue bicycle and passes by the street corner. The woman is riding in the opposite direction to the direction of the vehicle.
In a restaurant, there are many orange tables and chairs. There are many products on the shelves on one side of the store. There are green words written on the wall next to the shelves. The content is Keshanfang
A man wearing white short-sleeves sat on an orange table in the center of the room. The man held a cup in his hand and took a sip of water in the cup. Then the man put the cup on on the table
A woman wearing glasses is standing in front of the shelf. She is wearing short sleeves with black spots and a white bag on her left arm. The woman is holding a yellow item in her hand. Then he put the item on the table in front of him
A short-haired woman wearing a green apron is turning her head to talk to a woman wearing glasses
The woman wearing glasses approached the woman in the green apron and stopped behind her, but still kept a certain distance from the woman in the green apron, and then remained standing to observe her clothing. woman in green apron
The woman wearing glasses turned and walked back
In the corridor of a teaching building, there are many green lockers on both sides of the corridor. A long-haired woman wearing a gray sports coat, green top, and black trousers is holding her hand in her right hand. A few books were walking from the distance in the corridor, followed closely behind the woman by a man wearing a black coat and a red shirt.
A man wearing a black coat and jeans came from the distance of the corridor. Behind him were a large number of students walking from a distance.
A black man wearing a black vest and a white shirt walked out of a room on the left side of the corridor, and then stood at the door of the room.
A long-haired girl wearing a blue top and jeans walked out of the right side of the corridor. The woman was walking in the opposite direction to the large number of students.
The black man wearing a black vest stopped a male student walking in the corridor, and then they entered the next room together
A man in a black shirt came from a distance, walked behind the man who was staying in front of the locker, and patted the man with his hand
The large group of students who just passed by have already walked out of the corridor. The next group of students has just walked from the corridor. There is a gap between the two groups.
A long-haired girl wearing a dark blue top and jeans walked from the distance of the corridor, and then she stopped in front of a locker on the right side of the corridor
A man wearing a light blue shirt and carrying a black bag on his right side came from the distance of the corridor, and then he stopped in front of the locker next to the long-haired girl.
A man wearing a blue striped shirt and carrying a backpack walked out of the room on the left side of the corridor. He was holding a red bag in his hand. The man walked towards the far side of the corridor, walking direction Contrary to other large groups of students
The man in the blue striped shirt walked to a locker on the left side of the corridor and stopped. He threw the red schoolbag in his hand on the ground.
Two men came from a distance. They were talking to each other as they walked. The man on the left was wearing a black top and dark jeans, and the man on the right was wearing a plaid shirt and light-colored Jeans, behind them is another large group of students walking from a distance, the two men are separated from the students behind them by a distance
In a room, a man wearing sunglasses and khaki shorts walked over from the next room. The man held a white basket in his hand, and then the man walked to a row of storage behind the cabinet
A woman wearing a gray coat and black pants came from the next room, holding a white object in her hand
A woman wearing a dark blue dress and pink jacket is walking around the room. Next to the woman is a white rectangular billboard. In front of the woman is a large black table and two black chair
In a supermarket, a man wearing black short-sleeves and black trousers walked to the checkout counter, a man wearing light blue short-sleeves and a man wearing a dark blue jacket men queued in front of the checkout counter, and several customers stood standing next to the shelves
The man in the dark blue shirt is communicating with the man in black short-sleeved shirts. The man in black short-sleeved shirts is listening and taking notes on the computer at the cashier.
The man in a dark blue shirt picked up the items placed at the checkout counter, then turned and left the supermarket
A woman standing on the left raised the light blue hula hoop in her hand above her head. The shelves next to the cashier blocked most of the woman's body
The man in black short sleeves is typing on the computer at the checkout counter, while the remaining customers in the supermarket remain standing.
The woman holding a hula hoop turned around and spoke to the man in black clothes standing next to her
A man in an orange shirt walks slowly between the shelves and looks at the items on the shelves on both sides
On a road, a white bus is driving in the distance. There are white spray-painted characters on the road.
The white bus stopped near the intersection, and then several cars came and stopped next to and behind the bus. There were many vehicles on the road next to the bus. Driving normally
A long-haired woman with a bag on her left arm came from the sidewalk in the distance
A man wearing a helmet riding an electric bike stopped behind a black car
Passenger buses, cars and electric vehicles parked on the road began to drive away in sequence
At a T-intersection, vehicles in different directions pass by. On one side of the intersection is a playground. There are three residential buildings next to the playground. On the other side of the intersection is a large shopping mall.
The camera zooms in to the intersection. There are vehicles passing by on the road and pedestrians walking on the sidewalks on both sides of the road.
A blue bus passed from right to left, followed by a black car
The camera zooms in again, a pedestrian wearing a white shirt is crossing the crosswalk
A silver car stopped on the side of the road, and a man in a white shirt got out of the car, and then the man walked away on the sidewalk.
The camera zooms in again, and a silver car drives past from left to right on the road.
A black car drove past from left to right on the road, and at the same time, a white car drove past the black car in the opposite direction.
A blue electric car drives past from right to left, followed by a driving black car
The camera moves up and the picture changes to an advertisement posted on the outer wall of the shopping mall
The camera zooms out, and the screen shows the entire exterior wall of the mall. There are many advertisements posted on the wall, and there is a mall logo in colorful fonts in the upper left corner of the wall.
A long-haired lady in gray clothes is standing behind the counter, looking at the documents in front of her. On the other side of the counter is a short-haired lady in green short-sleeves.
A man wearing an orange shirt and a black hat on the left is walking back and forth in the room
In a supermarket, there is a woman pushing a stroller on the left. In front of her is a woman wearing a blue down jacket pushing a shopping cart. The woman pushing the stroller is walking forward. Smiling at woman in blue down jacket
A red-haired lady in black clothes on the right walked to the shelf and checked the products on the shelf
The red-haired woman took an item from the shelf
A man in a blue shirt left the room
A man wearing a black and white plaid shirt and red glasses on the left side of the room got up from the table and left the room
The man in the blue shirt returned to the room and walked to the table on the left to sit down
The man in the blue shirt stood up and turned off the lights in the room
The man in the blue shirt turned and left the room
The man returned to the room, walked to the position where the lights had been turned off, and flipped the switch with his hand, but did not turn on the lights in the room.
On a road, there are many cars parked on the roadside, and different vehicles pass by on both sides of the road.
A man wearing a white shirt and black sunglasses came from the next room, walked through the entire hall, opened the hall door and walked out
A man wearing jeans walked in from the hall door, walked through the entire hall, and walked into the next room
The TV screen on the right side of the hall is constantly changing and flickering.
In a back kitchen, a man wearing a red shirt and a black vest left the room, and then a man wearing white short sleeves also left the room.
A woman wearing white short-sleeves and a red hat walked in. The woman walked to the sink to wash her hands.
The man in white short sleeves walked into the room again
The white short-sleeved man wiped his face with toilet paper in his left hand, and then threw the paper into the trash can next to the door.
The woman in the red hat picked up the rag and started to wipe the table
The man in white short-sleeves pinched the face of the woman wearing black short-sleeves next to him, and then the man walked to the gas stove while talking.
The man in white short sleeves approaches the woman in black short sleeves and talks to the woman
Then the woman hit the man on the forehead with her hand, and the man pushed the woman in black short sleeves away with a smile and walked away.
The man in white short sleeves took out two white bottles from the cabinet. One bottle was placed on the table on the right, and the other bottle was placed on the table near the door.
The man in white short sleeves bent down and took out a white plate from under the table, and then he squeezed the contents of the bottle onto the plate
The woman in the red hat picked up the white bottle and put it back in the cabinet
The man in white short sleeves walked to the stove, picked up a shovel and stir-fried a few times. Then the man picked up a roll of toilet paper and left the room.
The woman in black short sleeves took a white bottle from outside the room, and then poured the contents of the bottle onto the plate
In an office, three male employees were sitting behind the counter. A man wearing a white shirt and black pants stood in front of the counter and walked around.
Two men walked out of the next room. One man was wearing blue short-sleeved black pants, and the other man was wearing yellow short-sleeved and jeans. Then the man with yellow short-sleeved clothes walked into the next door. of another room
A man in a black shirt came from a distance and walked into the room on the left
A woman wearing a black top walked into a room on the right
A man in white short-sleeves came out of the next room and walked to the far room. The man in black shirt walked out from the left and also walked to the far room.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walked out of the room on the right and walked to the left. A long-haired woman wearing a blue shirt walked out of the room on the left and walked away. Walk around
A man wearing a light yellow shirt walked out of a room on the right and walked into another room on the right near the distance.
The man in the blue shirt looked at the chair next to him, and then sat on the chair
The three men sitting behind the counter were talking. The man on the left first handed the document in his hand to the man in the middle, and then handed another document to the man on the right. , then the three men lowered their heads to check the documents in their hands.
A man in a black shirt walked from the right side of the counter and stopped on the left side of the counter
Two men walked in from the right. One man wore a light blue shirt and the other wore a dark blue shirt. Then the two men entered two different rooms on the right.
The man in black shirt continues to talk with the man sitting on the left and the man sitting in the middle behind the counter. The man sitting on the left is talking and typing on the computer in front of him, and the man in the middle is talking. With his hands waving, the man sitting on the right behind the counter was typing on the computer in front of him.
A man in a white shirt came in from the right and walked towards the room in the distance
The man in the white shirt and black pants walked to the chair on the left and sat next to the man in the blue shirt
A man in a blue shirt came from the right and walked into the room far away
A man wearing black short-sleeves came from a distance and walked into a room on the right
The man wearing a white shirt sitting on the chair bent down and fiddled with his shoes. Then the man stood up and sorted the white bag in his hand, and then entered the room on the left with the white bag.
A man in a blue shirt came from a distance and walked to the right
The man sitting on the left behind the counter handed his mobile phone to the man in the middle. Finally, the man in the middle picked up the phone and started checking it.
The man in the light yellow shirt walked out of the room on the right, entered another room on the right and walked out quickly, walked to the chair on the left, a man wearing The man in the white shirt walked to the chair on the left from a distance, and the two men sat down on the chairs at the same time.
The man sitting in the middle behind the counter answered the phone on the table, and then handed the phone to the man sitting on the left
The man in black shirt sitting in front of the counter stood up, stood in front of the counter briefly and then entered the room on the right
The man sitting on the right side behind the counter turned to talk to the man in the middle, and then continued typing on the computer. The man in the middle leaned on the back of his chair and looked at the man on the right
The man sitting on the left behind the counter put the phone receiver back on the table, and then made several stretching movements with his hands back
A man wearing a yellow hat walked out of the room on the left, talking on the phone and walking away
A white van is driving forward on the road. A man wearing a helmet and yellow clothes rides an electric car behind the van.
A man wearing a helmet and black clothes is riding a motorcycle forward
A red car is driving in the distance on the road. A man in a blue shirt is riding a motorcycle following behind the car.
A red minivan drove in the distance, followed by a yellow minivan
A white car drove away on the road
There is a rectangular swimming pool in the yard. There is a large yellow ball and a smaller pink ball floating on the pool. In the room next to the swimming pool stands a black man wearing a blue vest. A boy in shorts, a boy wearing a blue vest and red shorts is standing on the ladder next to him
The boy in black shorts walked to the table next to him and took something, then handed it to the boy in red shorts
The boy in black shorts walked into the room on the right
The boy in red shorts is standing on the ladder, fiddling with something with his hands
The boy in black shorts walked out of the room on the right, leaning over the table in the room to write something
The boy in red shorts came down from the ladder and walked into the room on the left
The boy in black shorts took the paper in his hand to another table, then he bent down to pick up an object, and then continued to lean over the table to write something
The boy in red shorts walked out from the left, put some of the things in his hand on the ladder, then turned around and handed the other thing in his hand to the boy in black shorts.
The boy in black shorts is leaning over the table to write something, and the boy in red shorts turns his head to fiddle with the ladder
The boy in red shorts removed a lifting rod next to the ladder and placed it on the table, then moved the ladder a little to the right and climbed up the ladder again
The boy in black shorts hands the things on the table to the boy on the ladder
In a black room, orange lights are on at the door, and vehicles are passing by.
The lights in the room turned on, and there were many empty shelves inside. Many people moved cartons into the room and placed the items in the cartons on the shelves.
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The lights in the room turned on, and many people entered the room and placed the items in the cartons on the shelves.
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The lights in the room turned on. Many people entered the room and placed the items in the cartons on the shelves, and arranged the items neatly. The empty shelves were gradually filled.
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The lights in the room are on. Someone is stepping on the ladder to sort the items high up. Many people are sorting the goods in the cartons next to the shelves.
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The lights in the room turned on. Many people entered the room and placed the items in the cartons on the shelves. Black shelves were installed on the wall near the ceiling on the side of the room.
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The lights in the room turned on, someone was counting the goods with papers, and the shelves were gradually filled with items.
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The room is illuminated by light, and the shelves are filled with items
The lights in the room are off, and there are vehicles passing by outside the room.
The lights in the room are on, there are many people selecting goods, and a ladder is placed on the right side of the room
A long-haired woman wearing patterned short-sleeves and glasses stands next to the counter
The woman in patterned short-sleeves sways her body with her left hand on her hips, and then walks to the left
A woman in a dress is standing behind the counter in the distance. The woman is sorting things on the counter.
The woman in the dress put on her glasses and continued to organize the things on the counter in front of her
In a store, there is a table in the center of the room. On one side of the table sits a woman wearing blue short sleeves, and on the other side sits a man wearing white short sleeves and Men in red short sleeves, both men are talking on the phone
The man in white short sleeves stood up and left. Then the woman in blue short sleeves kept rubbing her chin with her hand.
The man in red short sleeves handed the phone in his hand to the woman in blue short sleeves, nodding while handing over the phone.
The woman in blue short sleeves handed the phone to the man in red short sleeves, then the woman patted her head with her hand, and then the man and the woman started talking
The woman in blue short-sleeves and the man in red short-sleeves looked outside. The woman kept rubbing her face with her hands, and the man and the woman were talking intermittently.
The woman in blue short-sleeves took out her mobile phone from her trouser pocket and started to look down. The man in red short-sleeves was constantly communicating with the woman.
The woman in blue short-sleeves put her mobile phone to her ear and started to make a call. The man in red short-sleeves continued to talk to the woman while waving his hands.
The woman in blue short sleeves put down her mobile phone, lowered her head to fiddle with it, then picked it up again and started to make a call
A little boy in white short-sleeves entered the room and stood next to the table. The man in red short-sleeves started talking to the little boy
The woman in blue short sleeves put down her phone, and the boy in white short sleeves sat next to the man in red short sleeves
A long-haired lady wearing a yellow top entered the room and stood behind the little boy
The woman in blue short sleeves dragged the chair next to her to the table in front of her. The woman in yellow top came over and sat on the chair. The woman was carrying a black backpack and sunglasses hanging on her chest.
Four people sitting at the table started talking
A woman with sunglasses on her head entered the room and stood behind the little boy in white short-sleeves to the left. The woman handed the white paper in her hand to the man in red short-sleeves.
The man in red short sleeves handed the paper to the woman in blue short sleeves. The woman put the paper on the table, and then the man in red short sleeves and the woman in blue short sleeves started. Talk to the woman wearing sunglasses
The man in white short-sleeves entered the room, and then the woman in blue short-sleeves, the woman in yellow short-sleeves, the woman wearing sunglasses and a gray top, and the man in red short-sleeves started talking.
The woman in the gray top lowered her head to check something. The woman in the yellow top sitting next to her came closer to look at it with her. Then when the woman in the gray top stood up, the woman in the yellow short sleeves looked at her with a smile.
Several people continued to talk, and the man in red short sleeves waved his hands while talking.
The woman in blue short-sleeves picked up a pen and started writing. Then the little boy in white short-sleeves got up and lay on the table, looking closely at the woman in blue short-sleeves.
The woman in blue short sleeves picked up the glasses on the table and put them on, then picked up a calculator from the shelf next to it and checked it
The woman in blue short sleeves raised her head to talk to the man in red short sleeves, then lowered her head and clicked on the calculator a few times, and then handed the calculator to the man in red short sleeves.
The man in white short sleeves took a red helmet from the side. The little boy turned around and touched the helmet, and then the man put it back.
The woman in blue short-sleeved shirts continues to talk to the man in red short-sleeved shirts, occasionally pointing to items on the shelf next to her.
The man in white short sleeves scratched his head
The woman in the gray shirt turned to talk to the man in the white shirt
The woman in blue short sleeves picked up the calculator in front of her and pressed it, and was constantly talking to the man in red shirt. The man in red shirt talked to the woman in gray shirt next to him from time to time.
The woman in blue short sleeves put the calculator in her hand on the table. The woman in gray shirt talked to the man in white shirt next to her, then patted the man in red shirt with her hand, and he speaks
The woman in blue short sleeves continued to talk to the rest of the people in the room and waved her hands.
On a road, there are two white cars parked on the right side of the road. A white pickup truck and a white car are parked in front of the house on the right side. They are parked on the left side of the road. There is a black car, and there are a white car and a black car parked in front of the house on the left.
A white car drove past from left to right on the road
A red car drove past from left to right on the road
A black car drove past from left to right on the road
A man in a black coat walked to the right side of the road, took a few steps forward, turned around and stood there for a moment, and then the man walked back
A white car drove past from right to left on the road, and there was another white car driving behind it.
A silver car drove past from left to right on the road
A long-haired woman wearing a black top stands in front of the counter, a short-haired woman wearing a black top and a woman wearing a black top stand behind the counter
The short-haired woman handed the white paper in her hand to the woman next to her
The short-haired woman behind the counter glanced at the mobile phone in her hand, and then looked at the woman next to her typing
The long-haired woman behind the counter is looking at the paper in her hand and typing on the computer
Two women with pink headscarves stood in front of the cashier. One of the women in red gave the change in her hand to the clerk
A clerk in green clothes stood in front of the counter, using a spoon to scoop the food on the counter into the bowl in his hand
The clerk in green clothes and white hat standing behind the cashier is checking and sorting out the money in his hand
The clerk in the green shirt walked from one side of the counter to the other and stood next to the woman in the red shirt
The clerk in the white hat handed a piece of red money to the woman in red clothes
After taking it, the woman took out a piece of blue money from her wallet while talking to the woman next to her, and handed it to the cashier in the white hat again.
The clerk in the white hat handed the woman in the red top a piece of green money
The woman wearing a brown top touched the money with her hand, and then the woman in the red top put the money back into her wallet
The clerk in the white hat opened the drawer of the cash register in front of him, took out several different styles of money and handed them to the woman in red clothes.
The clerk in the green shirt walked around and turned in a circle, and then left
The woman in the red top took down the cup with food on the scale
The woman in the red top got the money and gestured with the cup in front of her, then put the money into her wallet
The clerk in the white hat leaned over and opened the drawer next to him and took out a transparent lid and handed it to the woman in red, but the lid fell to the ground.
The woman in red bent down and picked up the cover
The clerk in green clothes walked up to the woman, and then the two clerks helped the woman put the lid on the cup.
The clerk in the white hat took a plastic bag to the clerk in green clothes, and then the clerk put the cup into the plastic bag
The woman turned around and left with the plastic bag in hand
The clerk in green clothes threw a transparent plastic cover that fell in front of the cash register next to the cash register, then turned and left, and the clerk in white hat walked behind the counter
In a room, there are many large round tables, and there are several people walking in the distance.
A man in a black and gray shirt walked up the steps. After drinking water, he turned around and put the cup on the table. Then he walked up the steps again and took a few steps forward.
The man in a black and gray shirt turned around and said a few words to a black man in a black coat, then turned and left again
A man in khaki pants looked down at his mobile phone. Then the man put the mobile phone in his trouser pocket and walked to the table on the right
The man in the black and gray shirt walked back and stood next to a table in the distance
On a bus, a man wearing a red striped shirt sat on the seat. There were many people sitting in the seats behind the man.
The man in the red striped shirt bent over and wrote something on the side of the car
Then the man got up and walked to the car door
The man in the red striped shirt walked to the other side opposite the car door and stood with his back against the car body
The man in the red striped shirt walks towards the front of the car
In an empty room, a woman sitting behind the counter on the right took off the hairband on her head and hung it on the computer in front of her.
A man in a light gray shirt walked from the left to the right, stood with his arms on the counter, and then talked to the woman sitting behind the counter
The sitting woman looked to her left, and then the man in the gray shirt also looked in that direction several times.
The man in the gray shirt walked to his right, took a careful look at the things hanging on the wall, then turned and walked back to the counter
The man in gray shirt walked towards the door, then he opened the door of the room and left
On a road, there are many pedestrians walking on the road. There are different shops on both sides of the road. A white pickup truck is parked on the right side of the road.
A woman in a white coat and a woman in a black top walked out of the shop on the right side of the road, and then they stopped to chat on the roadside.
A man in a gray shirt stood on the right side of the road, then a man in black clothes walked next to him, and the two began to stop and chat on the roadside.
On the right side of the road, a man carrying a gray schoolbag and a long-haired woman carrying a blue schoolbag walked forward, and then they stood on the side of the road chatting.
The man carrying a gray schoolbag and the long-haired woman carrying a blue schoolbag continued to walk forward. When they passed by the woman wearing a white coat, they stopped and said a few words to the woman, and then keep walking forward
A blue truck is driving along the road, with blue and yellow spray-painted words on the body
A man in a black suit and a long-haired woman in gray clothes walked forward. Behind them, there were several pedestrians walking to the right.
Two men in black suits and carrying briefcases walked out of the door of the building on the right
A man wearing black clothes and carrying a gray schoolbag came from the right, and a woman wearing a light gray windbreaker walked into the building holding a black bag and a white bag. go
A man in a black suit holding a white plastic bag in his left hand walked towards the building
Two women came from the front of the building in the direction of the surveillance. One of them was wearing a black dress with a black bag on her right arm. The other woman was wearing a suit. On their side Walk and talk with a smile on your face
A man in a black suit walked towards the building with a white plastic bag in his left hand
A woman wearing a dark brown coat, holding a black bag in her left hand, walked towards the building
In a store, a man stood behind the counter and was sorting the goods in a blue plastic basket on the counter.
At the entrance of the store, two adults walked past with a little girl in their hands, followed by a little boy.
A man in black clothes walked from left to right in front of the store
A man in black clothes walked into the shop across the street
A man and a woman walked from right to left in front of the store, followed by three children.
A man in a dark blue shirt walked from right to left in front of the store
A woman wearing a bag and a headscarf walked from right to left in front of the store.
A man and a woman wearing jeans walked side by side from left to right in front of the store
A woman wearing a light red down jacket walked from right to left at the entrance of the store, followed by a woman wearing dark red clothes, holding a white plastic bag in her hand
Three men in black clothes walked from left to right in front of the store. Two of the men walked side by side in front, and the other man followed them.
A man in a red down jacket walked to the counter of the store opposite, stopped and looked inside
A man in blue clothes came from the right and stopped next to the man in red clothes. He glanced at the counter and then walked to the left side of the counter and continued to look into the counter. A man in black clothes stands next to the man in blue clothes.
The man in red clothes left at this time
A man holding a child passed by from left to right, and behind him walked a woman wearing yellow clothes holding a child.
Two women walked past from right to left. One of them was wearing blue clothes and the other was wearing black clothes.
Four people walked past from left to right, one of them was wearing gray clothes, and the rest were wearing black clothes
Two people walked past from right to left, one of them was holding a paper bag in his hand
The man in blue clothes standing in front of the counter of the opposite store left the counter and walked to the left
A woman in black clothes walked from left to right, holding a little girl in white clothes in her hand
A man in black clothes walked from right to left outside the store, and then a woman in black clothes and a scarf also walked to the left.
A man in a gray windbreaker walked past from left to right
A man in red clothes and a man in black clothes came out of the opposite store and walked to the right
Then a man in a blue shirt walked from left to right outside the store.
The man in red clothes walked back to the door of the opposite store and looked inside
A long-haired woman in black clothes walked from left to right, holding a white plastic bag in her hand, and then a woman wearing a red hat walked to the right and walked to the opposite side Shop, next to the woman are two children in red clothes
The man behind the store counter walked to the table on the left, took a red box and placed it in the box on the counter. Then he bent down and took out a few red pictures from the cabinet next to him. paper in box
A long-haired lady wearing a black top and carrying a gray bag walked from the right and stopped at the door of the shop opposite.
Then a man wearing jeans and a black top came from the left, stopped at the door of the store and looked inside. The man held a white thing in his hand, and then the man walked to the left left
The man behind the store counter stood there, lowering his head and arranging something.
Two people walked from left to right in front of the store. One of them was wearing a blue-gray coat and the other was wearing a black coat.
A man in a black jacket and hat walked from left to right at the entrance of the store
A man wearing a dark blue shirt walked from right to left outside the store
A long-haired woman wearing a black top and gray boots walked from right to left outside the store. The woman looked into the store as she walked.
Then a man holding a child also walked over. The child in the man's arms was wearing pink clothes.
The man behind the store counter bends down to take something from the cabinet on the left
The man behind the counter picked up a red box on the counter and put it into a white basket on the right side near the store entrance.
A man in a black shirt walked from left to right in front of the store
The man in the store walked to the left, bent down and took out an item from the basket on the ground, put it into the basket on the table next to him, and then walked over Diagonal back side of counter
The man in the store walked to the back of the counter, took aside the red paper in the box on the counter, and then continued to organize the goods in the plastic basket
A man in black clothes walked out of the store opposite and walked to the right
After that, a man wearing a dark blue shirt with fluorescent strips on the back came over from the right. He stood in front of the counter of the store opposite and looked in. After the man stopped,
A woman in red clothes and a woman in a black top walked side by side from the right to the left, and then a person in white clothes walked from the right to the left
A man in black clothes and a woman in a gray top came from the left. They stood at the door of the store and talked for a few words before walking to the right.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in black clothes with a blue bag came to the right. They stopped in front of the counter of the store opposite and looked inside.
A woman wearing a black top came to the right, holding a little girl wearing white clothes in her hand, they stopped in front of the store opposite
The woman in black clothes in front of the store opposite walked into the store and looked around, then took the little girl and walked to the right and left.
A woman in a white top walked from left to right in front of the store
A man in a red shirt came from the right and stopped at the door of the opposite store
A man in a black shirt came from the right, stood briefly behind the man in red, then walked to the right and left
A red-haired woman in black clothes walked from the left and walked to the right. Two people in black clothes walked from the right and walked to the left. One of them walked to the left. Carrying a gray backpack
The man in blue and the woman in black standing in front of the counter of the store opposite walked to the left. The man in red approached the counter and looked at the counter while walking to the left.
A man in black clothes and a woman in black clothes with a brown bag came from the right. A little girl in red clothes followed them, and then they stopped At the door of the store opposite
A man in a red shirt walked from right to left at the door of the store. Behind him were two women in black clothes. Then the two women walked to the glass of the store. , talking and looking inside, then they walked to the left
A woman wearing a black down jacket and a woman wearing a scarf walked past the store entrance from left to right, and then a woman wearing a gray top and a woman came from the right The man in a black shirt and the woman walked to the left. The man stopped in front of the counter of the store opposite, looked in for a few times and then walked to the left.
The woman in black clothes is holding the little girl in white clothes walking from the right side and wandering at the door of the opposite store
Three men in black clothes came from the right, and then two men in black clothes came from the left
The woman in black clothes led the little girl in white clothes to the counter of the opposite store and looked inside. At this time, a woman in an apron held two white plastic bags in her hands. He walked from right to left, and then a lady in black clothes also walked to the left.
A man in black clothes walked past from right to left, and then two women walked past from left to right at the entrance of the store, one of whom was wearing a red hat
A man wearing blue clothes and a black coat walked out of the opposite store and walked to the right and left.
The man standing behind the counter took a red box from the cabinet on the left and threw it into the basket on the counter. Then he picked up the red paper placed next to it and picked out a few pieces. Then lower your head to tidy things up
A man in gray clothes walked from left to right at the door of the store, and then a woman in white clothes and a man in red clothes came from the right
The man in gray clothes walked to the door of the opposite store and stopped, looking inside
A man in black clothes and a woman walked out of the opposite store and walked to the right
The man wearing a blue shirt and black coat walked past from right to left
The woman carrying a brown bag in front of the store opposite walked towards the store, and then the little girl in white clothes in front of the counter walked to the right side of the counter
A woman came from the right, holding a pink item in her hand. The woman stopped in front of the opposite counter, and then a man in a black shirt walked over from the right. Got it
The woman in an apron walked from left to right at the entrance of the store. At this time, the little girl in white clothes walked to the left, followed by a person in black clothes and two people in red. The man wearing clothes came out of the store opposite and walked to the right
The man behind the counter picked up the red box on the counter and put it into a white basket on the right side near the store entrance. Then he walked behind the counter and continued to organize the things in the plastic basket.
The little girl in white clothes is on the right side of the counter of the opposite store. Then the man in black clothes standing next to him walks into the opposite store, and then the little girl walks to the door of the opposite store.
A woman in pink clothes walked out of the opposite store and stopped at the outer counter. Then a woman in black clothes came from the left and walked to the counter outside the opposite store. Then a man wearing a blue shirt and gray coat walked out of the store, and then the three of them walked left together and left.
A little girl in white clothes walked at the entrance of the opposite store, and then a man in black clothes came from the right with a khaki paper bag in his hand. He stopped at the counter of the opposite store. I looked at something before turning around, then walked to the left and left.
There is a man in black clothes standing near the door of the opposite store. He is looking at the products on the shelves next to him.
A man wearing black clothes and holding a white plastic bag walked past from right to left, followed by a man wearing black clothes and holding a white paper bag.
Two people in black clothes with white bags in their hands came from the right and stopped in front of the counter of the store opposite. The other two people in black clothes walked to the left.
A man in a red shirt came from the right and entered the store. He picked up the goods placed in the plastic basket on the right and checked them. Then he walked outside the store to check the goods and took Compare a product on the outside with the one on the inside
The man in red clothes raised his head and talked to the man standing behind the counter. The man behind the counter nodded and waved his hands when speaking.
The man behind the counter walked towards the man in red, picked up a product in a plastic basket and showed it to the man in red while communicating
The man walked back to the back of the counter and continued to sort out the things in the plastic basket. The man in red kept looking at the products placed at the door of the store.
In a room with many electronic devices, a man in yellow clothes stood next to the device, looking down at something.
The man in yellow clothes raised his head, looked left and right quickly, and then lowered his head to continue observing.
The man in yellow clothes touched his face with his left hand, then placed his hand on his chin and continued to look down.
A man in brown short sleeves came from the right, wrapped the thread in his hand, and then entered the room on the left
The man in brown short sleeves came out of the room on the left and closed the door, then he walked to the right and left
A man in yellow clothes came from the right. The man was carrying an orange backpack. Then he pushed the door and entered the room on the left.
The man in yellow clothes standing next to the equipment touched his head with his right hand, and then he left the room
There were three pedestrians walking side by side outside the room, and cars passed by on the road from time to time.
The man carrying an orange backpack walked out of the room on the left, then he walked to the right and left
A man in yellow clothes walked over outside the room
There are cars passing by on the road intermittently, but there is no one in the room
The man in yellow clothes walked towards the equipment from the right, then he pressed the camera with his right hand, then lowered his head and continued to observe
Another man in yellow clothes came over and stood in front of the device. He had a black bag slung across his body, and then he also pressed the camera with his hand.
A man wearing yellow clothes and carrying a black backpack came over and stood behind the other two men.
Two men standing in front of the device were communicating. The man with a black backpack was talking and pressing the device in front of him.
The man carrying a black backpack looked to the right, and then the man carrying an orange backpack came from the right, turned around, then turned around and walked back
A man in yellow clothes comes from the right, the hem of his clothes is red
The man walked into the room on the left. The man carrying an orange schoolbag followed him and also entered the room on the left.
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket pushed the glasses with his index finger, put his hand into his pocket, and shook his head
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket looked forward, opened his mouth and said a few words, and then took two steps back
A slightly bald man wearing a black shirt took a step back. A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket smiled slightly, took a step forward, and then looking ahead
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket looked up, immediately lowered his head, then half-turned his upper body back, looking in the direction of the door, and at the same time outside the door A man wearing a black shirt and khaki pants walked in.
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket took two steps towards the door, then turned around and walked closer. A man wearing a black shirt and khaki pants walked closer. Coming closer
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket shook his head, said a few words, raised his eyebrows, shook his head and spoke, took two steps forward, shook his head
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket touched his chin with his hand, quickly stepped back several steps, turned around and walked away, then turned around and looked at He moved forward and took a few steps back.
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket walked closer and closer, and gradually put his right hand into his pocket. At this time, a middle-aged man wearing a black top and black pants The man appeared, walked farther and farther away, and then walked out of the door.
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket turned back, then walked away, looking out the window for a long time
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket walked closer and closer, and then disappeared
There is a table, three chairs, and a bookshelf in a room, very quiet
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket walked backwards, walking farther and farther, his hands gradually put into his pockets, and spoke, and then looked ahead.
A man wearing black glasses and a black hooded jacket turned and walked back, walking farther and farther, and then walked out of the door. At this time, a figure walked by outside the door.
A man wearing a yellow shirt and black pants walked in from the door, and approached a cabinet, looking up for something
In front of the counter of a bank, there are three cashiers wearing white shirts working
At this time, there are two customers, one wearing white clothes and the other wearing black clothes, sitting on a black chair in front of the counter to handle business
At a bus stop, a woman wearing a black top, floral skirt and white shoes sat on a white bench with a yellow bag.
At this time a blue bus passed by
Two men in white shirts looked back, and one of the men left
A dark-skinned man wearing a gray hoodie and a black hat is writing on a white paper on a black table full of clutter.
A dark-skinned man wearing a gray hoodie and a black hat is holding a black ballpoint pen next to a table full of debris and a man wearing a black coat and a khaki hat talk face to face
A man in a black suit walked over with a piece of white paper, gestured and said a few words, then turned around and stood in the direction of the red counter with his hands behind his back.
A man wearing a black coat and a khaki hat walked from the left to the right of a dark-skinned man wearing a gray hoodie and a black hat, and kept gesticulating and talking, wearing a gray hoodie Man is writing intermittently with pen
A woman wearing a red hoodie, black pants and white shoes is standing next to a burgundy counter and doing business. There are several staff in suits sitting and working or walking around the counter.
In a courtyard with two blue chairs in front of a window and green grass next to the road, a light blue car reversed under the eaves with its warning lights on, and then stopped.
In a room with three pots of flowers, a middle-aged man wearing a plaid shirt, black trousers and black leather shoes is talking to others
A middle-aged man wearing a plaid shirt and black trousers looked up, then moved left and right to talk to the person inside the glass, and looked inside the glass from time to time, then went up the stairs and left Got it
A woman wearing a long down jacket, holding a black dress in her right hand and a large black bag in her left hand, entered the house from the outside through the glass door, and stopped in front of the white counter.
A woman wearing a long down jacket shook her head slightly and spoke in front of the white counter, then turned to the right
A fat bald man wearing blue overalls and white gloves walked out of the stairs and said a few words to a woman wearing a long down jacket. Then the man pointed at Woman leads the way and leaves
A man wearing a black sweater and black pants moved to the right and stood next to the white counter. He stood for a long time, then moved left and right, stepped back and turned his head.
In a supermarket, a middle-aged cashier wearing a purple sweater and black pants is counting money in front of the counter, then talking to the customer, and scanning the purchased items for the customer
The old man in red clothes took out the money and handed it to the teller
The teller in purple clothes took the money handed over by the old man
In a supermarket, a dark-skinned man wearing a military green jacket and black pants approached the shelves, looked at the shelves and thought for a moment
Then he bent down and picked up a canned item, looked at it, put it back on the shelf, turned around and left
There is a white car in a garage full of debris. The rolling shutter door of the garage slowly opens, and then the sunlight outside flashes into the garage.
A middle-aged man wearing a black jacket and jeans approached the garage, opened the door of the white car, and closed the door
A white car slowly backed out of the garage with its headlights on. Then the garage door slowly closed downwards and the car drove away. The garage was dark.
A man wearing blue short-sleeves and a black hat is sitting on a chair, another man wearing blue short-sleeves and a man wearing black clothes are standing, these three people are dancing talking
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants appeared with white teeth bared, and then talked to a man similarly dressed, and then the two left
A fat man in black clothes stood up from the chair and left with the man wearing a work hat next to him
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants is carrying items back and forth in the left compartment and sorting items on the platform, and the machine he operates is also working
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants pushed open the silver door of the compartment and came out of the compartment, turned left, looked left and right, and then sat on the chair next to him
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants pushed back the chair, stood up on the chair, looked to the left, then opened the silver door and entered the room inside. Then lean down
A man in black clothes appeared, opened the silver door of the room inside, and squatted down after entering
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants walked from one table to another, looked at the files on the table a few times, put the files down, then opened the door, and from inside Come out of the house and then leave
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants stood up from his squat, holding an object in his hand, then opened the door, came out of the room inside, and then left
Two men wearing blue short-sleeved black pants appeared and talked while walking to the door. A man opened the door.
Two men wearing blue short-sleeved black pants stood and talked for a while when the door was open, then one entered the room inside and the other turned and left
A fat man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants and a white hat appeared from the left, chatted with the person next to him for a few words, then swayed to the table, and standing
A fat man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants and a white hat turned left from the table and walked away
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants was flipping through the documents on the table at the table in the room and writing from time to time.
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants came out, walked to the door, then turned back and walked back
A slightly fat man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants appeared. He first walked to the yellow table, and then went to the silver door. Then he opened the door and pointed, and then entered. in the house
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants and a black hat appeared pushing a blue stretcher, then turned a corner and left
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants appeared with his hands in his pockets, then walked to the yellow table, put his left hand on the table a few times, and then sat down On the table
A man in dark blue work clothes walked towards the silver door with his hands shaking back and forth, then opened the door and looked into the room inside, then turned to the right and entered the crowd.
A thin man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants turned out of the crowd with a newspaper in his hand, then gestured with his hands to speak, pointed at the newspaper, and then entered the crowd.
A slightly thin man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants held a newspaper in his hand, then turned to the left and left the crowd
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants stood on the spot swinging his arms back and forth, then took a step left with his left foot and made a small cross
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants touched the brim of his hat with his right hand, raised the hat slightly, and then put it on again
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants shook his arm and then sat on the chair
A fat man wearing dark blue black pants walked out of the crowd and left
A man sitting on the table got up and pushed another person sitting on the chair. The person sitting on the chair was pushed up, and then stood up
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants walked away from the crowd, pushed open the silver door, and then entered the room inside. Then he approached the table and looked through the documents on the table.
A man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants got up from the table, turned back and walked towards the silver door, then pushed it open and entered the room
At an intersection, a white car drove from the right to the left
At an intersection, a small car coming from the right had a slight scratch with a motorcycle coming from the left. The owner of the motorcycle then turned his head and looked back. Look, then the two cars drove away
At an intersection, a red bus drives from the left to the right
At an intersection, there is a silver car with a silver front. The color of the cargo box is yellow on the bottom and blue on the top. The truck with the rear compartment lid open passes from left to right.
At an intersection, a young man wearing an orange coat and a black backpack rode a red motorcycle and turned left from the lower right corner and entered the left
In a supermarket, a young man wearing a black shirt, black shorts and a black hat took an item from the shelf, looked around and walked to the counter.
In a supermarket, a dark-skinned man wearing a white shirt and black pants walked around the shelves for a while, and then left
In a supermarket, a man wearing a denim jacket, black pants and white shoes appeared. He first walked to the right shelf and then to the left shelf, picked an item and then walked to the checkout counter.
In a supermarket, a bald man wearing a white shirt and black pants appeared with his head lowered and playing with his mobile phone. He then walked to the freezer in the distance, picked up an item, and walked to the checkout counter.
Next to the checkout counter of a supermarket, two men were waiting to pay. One of the men took a sip of the drink in his hand, and then the two started talking.
The glass door slowly opened, and two women came out of the house.
Glass door closed
A man wearing yellow short-sleeved yellow pants put his hands in his pockets, jumped left and right, then leaned over the table to talk, and then raised his head again
A woman sat on a chair behind the table, raised her head to the left and then turned to the right to take an object, then lowered her head to the left to talk.
A woman behind the table smoothed her hair with her hands, then nodded to the upper left, and then lowered her head
A young woman with short and medium hair wearing white short sleeves is sitting on a blue chair and working seriously
A man wearing yellow short-sleeved yellow pants turned to the left, then took a few steps forward, then took a few steps back to the right, and then leaned towards the table and looked down.
A man wearing yellow short-sleeved yellow pants raised his left leg, then put it down, turned left and left
Four men walked from the hall to the glass door. One of the men who was walking in the front and wearing white short-sleeved light jeans looked back.
Four people walked out of the glass door. One of them, a man wearing white short-sleeved light jeans, turned around. A man wearing black and white short-sleeved black pants pointed diagonally forward. , and then the four people continued walking
A man wearing a gray hoodie and black pants put his left hand on the hem of the clothes and touched it twice, then stood up on tiptoe with his right foot.
Two men wearing white short-sleeved black pants, one of whom entered the building holding a black bag
A man wearing a gray hoodie and black pants pointed to the left with his left hand, then turned his head to the right
A man wearing a gray hoodie and black pants pointed to the left with his left hand, and then touched his head with his left hand
A woman wearing a black coat and carrying a black schoolbag walked into the glass door of the building
A man wearing a suit and tie holding a briefcase walked out of the glass door of the building, then turned left and left
A young woman wearing blue short-sleeved black sweatpants came towards us, first looked to the left, then to the right, and then approached the table on the right
A woman wearing blue short sleeves is leaning over the table
A black shadow crossed from the right to the left
A young woman wearing blue short-sleeved black sweatpants leaned over the table and wrote on the paper with a pen and arranged the papers, then turned and walked back to another table
A boy with medium-length hair wearing a white shirt stood up on the chair, then walked towards him, first twisted to the left to look, and then sat on the blue chair next to him
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants touched his hair with his hands, then touched the large necklace around his neck, then slowly walked over and stopped next to the table
A woman wearing an orange top, black pants and carrying a pink bag and a woman wearing white short-sleeved jeans walked from the left to the right
A woman wearing white short-sleeved yellow and blue shorts and carrying a white bag and a woman wearing white short-sleeved jeans walked from the left to the right
A woman wearing a denim top and jacket and carrying a blue bag walked from the left to the right
A man wearing yellow short-sleeved blue shorts walked from the right to the left
Two men and three women, all carrying bags, slowly walked from the left to the blue fence gate, and then a man wearing black short-sleeved jeans quickly walked from the left Turned sideways to the right
A woman wearing pink short-sleeved blue jeans and carrying a green bag and a woman wearing white short-sleeved are standing in the distance
A boy wearing a purple jacket and white pants and a boy wearing a white top and camouflage shorts walked out of the glass door of the building, turned left and left
A daughter wearing a purple top and jeans and carrying a brown bag walked out of the glass door of the building, put an item in the bag, and then turned left to leave
In a room, a man wearing a white shirt, black pants and a brown briefcase looked left and right, swaying left and right to the black chair in the distance
The man in white shirt and black pants put the bag on the chair and started to look for the things in the bag
In a room, a man wearing white long-sleeved black pants walked to a brown table and then put his backpack and other items on the ground
In a room, a man wearing white long-sleeved black pants covered his face with his hands and walked to a black chair in the distance
A middle-aged man wearing a white shirt and black pants took an object, and then the two walked away with their backs to each other.
In a room, a man wearing green overalls walked away with his back turned and placed the package in his hand on the table
In a room, a young man in gray clothes got up from his chair, rubbed his hands and walked over, and took a piece of paper from the hand of a man in green overalls.
The man in gray handed the paper to the man in green
In a room, a young man wearing gray clothes got up from a black chair, then turned left and walked over, touching his forehead with his hand.
On the side of a street, a red car and a blue truck were parked. A man got out of the truck, closed the door, and then walked to the goods next to it.
On the side of a street, a fat woman wearing white short-sleeved black shorts and carrying a green bag walked over from a distance, and then disappeared
On the side of a street, a white-haired old man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walked over from a distance, and touched his hair with his hand.
On the side of a street, a man wearing black clothes, a black hat and a black bag came over
On the side of a street, a long-haired man in black clothes came over, and a truck passed by on the road.
Beside a street, a young man wearing black clothes and carrying a black bag came over. A large yellow truck passed by on the road.
On the side of a street, a man wearing white short-sleeved red shorts and a woman wearing a yellow top and black pants walked over. During this period, the man turned back and danced his arms from time to time.
On the side of a street, four men in black work clothes staggered towards them and walked to a pile of white goods.
Three men turned left and walked into a door one after another. Another man turned right and faced the road.
On the side of a street, a man wearing a red shirt and jeans and a woman wearing a black top and white pants pushing a stroller and a woman wearing a green coat and black pants came over.
A man in blue overalls got out of the back of the white car with a box in his arms, and then walked to the room on the right
A man in black clothes came from a distance with his pocket in his pocket, and then took his left hand out of his pocket
Four people came over, one was wearing a red top and black pants, the other was wearing black clothes, and the next two were wearing white clothes. They first looked to the left and rear, and then walked straight forward.
A tall man wearing a black top and black pants came over with his left hand in his pocket
Besides a busy street, three men came over, one wearing a white coat and black pants, one wearing a gray top and denim jacket with his right hand pocket, and a thin man wearing a black top and black pants, And he would raise his arms from time to time
Besides a busy street, five men in black clothes and a man in red clothes took it away
A man and a woman carrying a bag walked out of the door on the right. Then the woman walked to the side of the car and opened the door. The man looked at her
Beside a busy street, two women came over carrying large bags.
Besides a busy street, a man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walked over with his arms swinging.
Besides a busy street, two men in black clothes walked over. One of the men had a bag in his hand and was still on the phone.
Besides a busy street, two men walked over. One of them was wearing a blue shirt with his pocket in his pocket, and the other was wearing black clothes and looked to the left.
On a busy road, a large blue truck drove past
On the side of the road, a man wearing a blue lining, a khaki suit, jeans and carrying a black crossbody bag walked over with one hand in his pocket.
On the side of a road, there are three fat bald heads in black clothes standing in front of the wall and talking about things
On the side of the road, a middle-aged woman wearing black clothes came over pushing a black stroller, and lying in the stroller was a man wearing white clothes and a white hat. little child
On the side of a road, there are two old people walking. The man is wearing a blue coat and carrying a blue schoolbag and walking in front, and the other woman is wearing a plaid shirt and denim jeans. Wearing trousers, carrying a small bag, looking around with hands clasped behind the back
On the side of the road, a strong man wearing blue short-sleeves and military green pants walked over.
On the side of the road, two people came over. One was a man wearing blue short-sleeved jeans and black sunglasses, and the other was wearing dark blue short-sleeved jeans and black sunglasses. woman, the woman is holding something in her hand
On the side of a road, a middle-aged man passed in front of the camera and walked into the house on the right
In a room, a man wearing a black coat, jeans and glasses stood talking to a gray-haired man wearing a green coat. During the period, the man in black clothes walked to the left first. Go, then lean on the table next to you
In a room, a man wearing white short-sleeved black pants is sitting on a black chair in the distance and working
In a room, a man wearing white short-sleeved black pants and very white walked over from the door, holding his arms
In a room, a very white man wearing white short-sleeved black pants walked from the right to the left, and looked to the left
In a room, a man wearing white short-sleeved black pants and very white walked over from the chair with his head raised.
In a room, a very white man wearing white short-sleeved black pants is holding an orange water bottle in his hand and looking to the lower right
In a room, a very white man wearing white short-sleeved black pants took a sip of water from the water glass in his hand, then turned back, took another sip, and then put the glass Put it on the table in front of you
In a room, on the right, a man wearing a black coat is working at the workstation
On the edge of a road, two people came over, one was a man wearing black clothes and holding something in his hand, and the other was a woman wearing black clothes.
On the edge of the road, three people walked over. The man on the left was wearing a red coat and a fluorescent green suit. The men in the middle and on the right were both wearing black coats and jeans.
On the side of the road, a bald man wearing a yellow jumpsuit walked over with his hands in his pockets.
On the side of the road, a bald man wearing a blue coat, black pants and a scarf came over with a long thing in his hand.
On the side of the road, a thin woman wearing a black coat and jeans and a slightly fat woman wearing a black coat and pushing a black stroller came over.
On the edge of the road, a family of three walked over. The mother on the left was wearing black clothes and carrying a black bag. The child in the middle was swaying left and right. The father on the right was wearing a blue short-sleeved shirt. and jeans
On the side of the road, two old people walked over, one of them was a man wearing a black coat, the other was a woman wearing purple clothes
In a corridor, a fat teacher came over with a group of students and walked into the classroom
In a corridor, a cleaner wearing black clothes appeared with a broom. He put the broom on a yellow cart and then pushed the cart away.
In a corridor, a little boy wearing white short-sleeves came bounding over, then pushed other students, ran back, and then ran forward.
On the side of the road, a woman wearing a gray sweatshirt, brown pants and carrying a brown bag stood near the bus stop sign and waved to the bus with her hands.
On the side of the road, a yellow bus drove past
On the side of the road, a bus stopped at the bus stop.
Several people walked onto the bus together
On the side of a road, a man wearing black short-sleeves and a red back appeared, looking down at his mobile phone, and then walked away.
On the side of the road, a woman wearing black clothes and carrying a black backpack poked her head, and then disappeared again
On the side of a road, a gray BMW drove over and then stopped under the eaves.
On the side of the road, a white car speeded past on the road.
On the side of a road, a white truck speeded past on the road
On the side of a road, a big red truck sped past on the opposite road.
On the side of a road, there were two big red trucks speeding past on the opposite road.
In the corner of a shopping mall, a man wearing blue short-sleeved yellow shorts walked over
In the corner of a shopping mall, a man in a blue shirt came over carrying something yellow
In the corner of a shopping mall, a man wearing a black and white coat pushed a shopping cart from right to left.
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts was lying on the stall, and then looking to the right, there was another little boy wearing a blue shirt standing and looking towards Looking to the right, he rolled up his sleeves again
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts got down from the table, then shook his head, then lay on the table and looked to the right
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts looked up and to the left, raised his head and laughed, and then touched his belly with his left hand
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a blue shirt stood and pointed to the right with his right hand, then swayed from side to side with a grin, and then turned left
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a blue shirt stood and gestured to the upper right corner with his hand, then grinned and leaned his elbow on the table, and licked his nose
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a blue shirt stood and pointed to the left, then rested his right elbow on the table and stood with his left hand clasping his waist.
Next to a roadside stall, a man in gray and white clothes got off a black motorcycle, looked to the left, and then disappeared
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a blue shirt got up from the table, then turned around, hugged himself with his arms and raised his left arm to speak.
Next to a roadside stall, a fat man wearing a beige shirt and white pants came out from the left, then walked to the roadside stall and shook hands with the little boy lying on the table.
Next to a roadside stall, an old man in a white shirt came down with a black bag on his left arm and a white pole, and walked to the table
Next to a roadside stall, a fat man wearing a beige shirt and white pants stretched out his left hand to touch the little boy's face, then took his hand back, and then moved a step to the right.
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy in a blue shirt took a step back to make way for the big fat man.
Next to a roadside stall, a fat man wearing a beige shirt and white pants stretched out his right hand to touch the little boy's face, and then the old man on his right also stretched out his right hand to touch the little boy's face. boy's head
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts stretched out his left arm to block the old man from touching his head, and then stretched out his left hand
Next to a roadside stall, a fat man wearing a beige shirt and white pants moved a small step to the right, then turned to the right and extended his right hand to wave, and pointed at the small boy
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy in a blue shirt turned to the right, stretched out his left arm and waved it, turned back, and then put his arm down, Rolled up my sleeves
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy in a blue shirt turned left and then left
Next to a roadside stall, an old man wearing a white shirt and black pants patted the man next to him and waved, then turned and left.
Next to a roadside stall, a fat man wearing a beige shirt and white pants was patted by the old man on the right, then waved to him, adjusted his belt, and moved a step to the right and lie down on the table
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts appeared. He raised his head to the left to look for something, turned around again, and then lowered his head to look for something. He stood up and faced the crowd again
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts turned to the right, then bent over, then lay on the table again, and bent over to look for something.
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing orange short-sleeves came over, lay on the table, then tinkered with things with his hands, and flipped through the pornographic book in his hand.
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a blue shirt came over with a grin on his face, and then stood with his waist pinched.
Next to a roadside stall, an old man in a white shirt sat on a chair, then pointed to the right, opened the drawer next to him, and looked for something.
Next to a roadside stall, a fat man wearing a beige shirt and white pants raised his head, then turned and left
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing orange short-sleeves ran away holding a book.
Next to a roadside stall, a boy wearing a pink shirt suddenly appeared, then hit the little boy and left again
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing blue, white and black short-sleeved shirts left, came back, lay on the table, looked to the left, and then ran away again
Beside a roadside stall, a little boy in a blue shirt touched his face with his hands, then turned around and continued to lie on the table, and pinched his waist with his left hand
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a green dress and black pants walked over
A man wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants appeared, walked to the black motorcycle, and then rode away on the motorcycle
A little boy wearing yellow short-sleeves appeared with a blue schoolbag, then walked to the side of the motorcycle, waited for the motorcycle to correct, and then left on the motorcycle
A woman in a colorful skirt walked to the motorcycle and then left on the motorcycle
A man in a green shirt started his motorcycle, then walked a short distance, waited for the woman to get on the car, and left.
A man wearing white short-sleeves came over, then lay on the table, talking to others
Next to a roadside stall, a little boy wearing a blue shirt turned and left
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing white short-sleeves sat on a chair and bent over to look through the things in the drawer. Then he took out a red thing and put it on the table. went up, looked for it again, and then straightened up
Next to a roadside stall, a boy wearing a plaid shirt appeared. He bent down to take something and then turned and left.
Next to a roadside stall, a fat woman wearing a colorful skirt walked over
Next to a roadside stall, a woman wearing pink pants walked over
Next to a roadside stall, an old man wearing a gray shirt lay on the table, then touched his face with his hand, then buttoned his nose and put his hand down
Next to a roadside stall, a young man wearing black and white plaid appeared, then put the three things in his hand on the table one by one, and then put his hands on his hips
Beside a roadside stall, a young man wearing black and white plaid touched his head with his right hand, then picked up the yellow things on the table, then opened the package and placed it on the table
Next to a roadside stall, a young man wearing black and white plaid picked up the purple thing on the table, then bent down, then put the thing under the table, then straightened up and picked up the pink thing put the things in the same position, and then stood up
Beside a roadside stall, a young man wearing black and white plaid touched his head with his right hand, then turned to the left and left
Next to a roadside stall, an old man in gray clothes put the small things on the table in his pocket, then picked up the things on the table and took the bags taken by others. Then he put the things into the bag and turned around to leave.
Next to a roadside stall, a family of three rode a tram over. Then they stopped for a moment. The woman in the back seat got out of the car with the little girl in her arms, and then walked to the table.
Next to a roadside stall, a woman wearing white short-sleeves and a green scarf lay on the table, then looked to the left, then pointed in front and talked, then looked to the right
Next to a roadside stall, a young man wearing black and white plaid held a package of things and placed the things on the table. Then he stood with his arms crossed for a while, and then turned to the right and back. leave
Next to a roadside stall, a woman wearing white short-sleeves and a green scarf took the things thrown by others, then supported her left cheek with her left hand, then turned to the right and laughed, and then used Holding the mouth with the right hand
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing white clothes and a red hat got off a black motorcycle, then supported the motorcycle, and then turned to the left
Next to a roadside stall, a young man wearing black and white plaid appeared with two bottles of black stuff. Then one bottle was placed on the table, and the other bent down. left side, then straighten up and stand there
Next to a roadside stall, a woman wearing white short-sleeves and a green scarf picked up the bottle on the table, handed it to the man on the right, and put it in her pocket
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing white clothes and a red hat took a pocket on a motorcycle, then took the bottle from the woman's hand and looked at the label on the bottle word, then put the bottle in his pocket, opened the pocket again and looked at it
Next to a roadside stall, a thin boy wearing blue short-sleeves appeared, then put something on the table and turned around to leave.
Beside a roadside stall, a thin boy wearing blue short-sleeves appeared, then picked up the things on the table, then picked up the things in the drawer in the lower right corner, and then stood tinkering around the table
Next to a roadside stall, a thin boy wearing blue short-sleeves put something in the drawer in the lower right corner, then looked to the left, then turned and left
Beside a roadside stall, a man wearing white clothes and a red hat took out a bottle of black stuff from the pocket he was holding, and then put the black stuff on placed the bag on the table, then turned left
A man in white clothes and a red hat pointed at the motorcycle, then turned and left
A man wearing light purple clothes came over on a motorcycle, stopped the car, got off the motorcycle, picked up the bag on the car, then turned and walked towards the table
A man wearing a gray shirt and black pants walked slowly on the road.
A man sitting on a chair wearing a white shirt got up from the chair and looked for something in the drawer in the lower right corner, then picked up a folder and straightened up
Next to a roadside stall, a young man wearing blue short-sleeves suddenly appeared and put something on the table
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing gray short-sleeved black pants took out a piece of money from his pocket, then approached the table, stretched out his right hand and put the money on the table, and then Stretch out your left hand and pick up something on the table, then turn around and leave.
Next to a roadside stall, a man in a white shirt sitting on a chair was looking for something in a folder, then put a piece of paper in the folder and took it from the table picked up a piece of money, and then placed the folder in the right corner
Next to a roadside stall, a man in a white shirt sitting on a chair put a piece of money in the drawer on the right, then looked down to the right, and held it with his hand The table went to the right corner to look for something, and found something similar to a book and placed it on the drawer in front of the chair.
Next to a roadside stall, a man in white clothes and a red hat walked over from the road, then turned around to talk to the fat woman
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing light purple clothes turned away from the table, then walked to the black motorcycle, and then turned back
Beside a roadside stall, a boy wearing black and white short-sleeved shirts ran over, then stood next to the white pillar for a while, then turned and left
Next to a roadside stall, a fat woman wearing white short-sleeves took out something from her black bag, looked at it, put it back into the bag, and then used Bao hit the man next to him, then zipped up the bag and looked to the right.
Next to a roadside stall, a man in white clothes sitting on a chair picked up a calculator on the table, then put it on the drawer and typed the calculator, and then calculated I wrote a few words on the paper next to the utensil, then tore off a few pieces of paper and put them on the table.
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing a white shirt and a red hat took out a black wallet from his pocket, then opened the wallet and took out a piece of money, and then He put it on the table and moved his right hand again.
Next to a roadside stall, a fat woman in white short-sleeves led a child in purple short-sleeves to turn back from the table, moved a few steps, and then stood facing the road.
Next to a roadside stall, a man in white clothes sitting on a chair bent to the right to open the drawer, then looked for something in the drawer, and then put the things on the table , then closed the drawer and stood up
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing a white shirt and a red hat picked up a large bag in his left hand, picked up a bottle of black stuff in his right hand, and immediately put it into the bag , put the two things on the right into the bag, and took another thing from someone else's hand and looked at it.
Next to a roadside stall, a man in white clothes sitting on a chair took a notebook on the table and then put it on the drawer, looked through it, and then closed it. Pick up the book, push up the drawer, and throw the book into the right corner
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing a white shirt and a red hat picked up a large white package from the table, then turned around and left with the package, placing it on the black in the distance on the motorcycle seat and press
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing light purple clothes moved from the table, then picked up the large package in his hand, handed it to someone else, then turned around and walked away for a few seconds Step, come back again, put your hands on the table
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing a white shirt and a red hat took a child wearing purple clothes off the motorcycle, and then took out a A small piece of cloth was used to wipe the motorcycle
Next to a roadside stall, a man wearing a white shirt and a red hat took out something from the back of a motorcycle, turned around and put it on the table. After a while, he took the thing out again. He took it away from the table and put it back on the motorcycle.
Next to a roadside stall, a young man wearing blue short-sleeves appeared from the left, then walked to the table and looked at it, then took a small step to the right, and used his right hand again He touched his chin, then moved to the left, looked down at the things on the table, and then returned to the right.
Next to a roadside stall, a young man in blue short-sleeves took something out of his pocket, handed it to the man in green clothes on the left, and opened it
A man in black walked to the table in the center of the room
The man in black twists the computer screen on the table and the cards standing on the table with his hands
The man in black walked around the table in the center of the room and stopped in front of a row of screens on the side of the room
The man in black stands in front of a row of computer screens in the room
A man in black clothes and glasses walked in from the door next to the room. He walked next to the man in black clothes just now.
Two men in black stand in front of a row of computer screens and operate the computer
There are three desks in a room. There are three men sitting behind the three desks. The men on the left and right are wearing blue clothes, and the man in the middle is wearing black clothes and a baseball cap. , the men on the left and the middle are looking at the computer screen, the man on the right is lowering his head and writing something
The man on the right raised his head and typed on the computer in front of him, and the other two men also browsed the computer in front of him.
The man in the middle raised his head and pointed forward, and then a man wearing black short sleeves walked into the room
The man in black short-sleeves picked up a rectangular cardboard box from next to him and placed it in front of the man in the baseball cap. Then he opened the cardboard box and took out the contents.
The man in black short sleeves took out the item in his hand from the plastic bag. The item was a laptop. Then he handed the computer to the man in the baseball cap, and the man in the baseball cap took it. computer put it on the table
The man in black took out another small box from the carton, and took out the computer's power cord from the box and handed it to the man in the baseball cap, who then plugged the power cord into the computer.
The man in black closed the small box where the computer power cord was placed and put it back into the carton. Then the man carefully closed the carton
At an intersection, cars in the longitudinal lane are driving. A black car on the left is driving forward, followed by a white car, and a car is driving between them. white electric car
A silver car drove to the left turning lane and stopped, followed by a large truck with a yellow cabin and a white front, followed by a blue car and a Gray cars stopped one after another on the turning lane
A blue car drives forward, followed by a black electric car, followed by a yellow van
In the leftmost lane on the left, a large blue truck is driving forward. When it reaches the intersection, it turns. A white small truck is driving forward in the middle lane, followed by a small truck. A white car, followed by a white car and a black car driving forward
There are many electric vehicles driving forward in the left and right lanes
A silver car drove forward in the middle lane on the left, and then a gray car in the left lane drove to the intersection and turned.
There are electric vehicles passing by on the left and right lanes one after another. There is a black car driving forward in the left lane, and then a small truck with a blue front and black cabin drives past. There is a small truck on the right. A silver car drives forward
There is a white bus driving forward in the right lane, next to it is a small truck with a blue front, and then a black car is driving forward in the left lane
A bus with a white body and colorful stripes on the front is driving forward in the right lane, and then the vehicle parked in the left turning lane begins to turn left
A truck with a white front is turning left. It is pulling a small yellow excavator on its carriage, followed by a silver car and a white car on the sideways lane. The car is turning right
A white car on the left drove to the intersection and stopped, and then a red bus also stopped slowly. The vehicles in the cross lane began to move forward, and a yellow car drove forward through the intersection.
A black car is driving forward from right to left. Behind it is a green car. There are many electric cars driving forward on the road, followed by several A silver car passed the intersection, and a yellow van drove forward in the upper lane.
A truck with a blue front and white compartment is passing through the intersection. Next to it is a silver car, followed by two black cars and a silver car, and then It's a yellow taxi driving forward
A van with a yellow cabin and a green roof is driving forward, followed by a silver car
A silver van is turning in the longitudinal left lane, and then a blue car passes by in the transverse lane from left to right, and a silver car drives from right to left past
A yellow taxi drove past from left to right, and then passed a white commercial vehicle from right to left. Behind him was a truck with a blue front and black compartment. , then a red car drove forward, and a van with a yellow cabin and a green roof drove across the intersection from left to right.
A white car drove past from right to left, followed by a silver car, and then a silver-black off-road vehicle drove past, followed by two cars in sequence. silver car
A small truck with a blue front and a black cabin stopped in the turning lane on the right. Then a silver van drove past from right to left, and a green truck with a black front and a black cabin stopped in the right corner. Large trucks drive forward from right to left
A small truck with a white front is driving forward from left to right, followed by a yellow taxi driving forward, followed by a silver car, a black car Cars drive forward from right to left
Vehicles on the horizontal turning lane began to drive forward. Several black cars drove out on the left, followed by a red car, followed by a silver car. A car, followed by a bus with a silver roof
There are vehicles turning on the left side of the longitudinal lane. The first is a white car, followed by a silver car and a white car, and then a silver mini car
On the horizontal turning lane, a silver car is turning, followed by a black car, followed by a black and white car, and then a Yellow taxi turning
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane began to move forward. There were many electric vehicles driving forward on both sides, followed by vehicles one after another.
A bus with a white roof and a red front is driving forward in the left lane. A small truck with a blue and white carriage is driving forward in the right lane. Its left rear It was a red car, and there were many other vehicles driving in the longitudinal lane.
A red car is driving forward in the right lane, followed by a silver car, followed by a yellow taxi, and a yellow taxi after a distance. The taxi was followed by a dark red car. At the same time, there were many vehicles driving forward in the left lane.
A truck with a blue front and white compartment is driving forward in the right lane. A yellow taxi on the left is driving in front of the turning lane. There is also a white small car parked in the turning lane. A car and a silver van, and a red car passed by in the right lane
A black car is driving forward in the right lane, followed by a silver car, and there are many electric cars driving forward next to it, and a red one is on the left The car stopped at the intersection, followed by a small truck with a blue front and a white cabin and a large truck with a blue front.
The cars parked in the longitudinal turning lane began to move forward one after another. In front of the left turning lane were several small cars, followed by a large green crane.
A black car is turning in the left lane. Behind it is a silver car. Behind it is a yellow taxi, and then two silver cars. car
The vehicles on the right side of the cross lane are turning. At the beginning is a silver car, followed by two black cars and a white car. At the same time, the vehicles on the right side of the cross lane are turning. The vehicles also started to move forward, with many electric vehicles at the front, followed by several cars.
A large truck with a white front is passing through the intersection from right to left. There is a large yellow excavator on its carriage, followed by a white front and a white closed carriage. A large truck, followed by a black car, followed by a silver car and a white car
A large truck with a white front is driving past from left to right. There is a blue pipe on its compartment. A silver car is passing through the intersection from right to left. , next to it was a black car, then two black cars and a white car passed by in a staggered manner, and then a black car and a silver car passed side by side.
From left to right, a red car is driving forward, followed by a white van and a black car, followed by two silver cars side by side. Then came a dark blue jeep and a white car
A white car drove from the right in the cross lane and stopped in the turning lane. Several white cars were crossing the intersection, and then an orange car drove from the right. A truck with different goods in its compartment. Diagonally behind the truck is a silver car, followed by a white commercial vehicle.
In the lane on the left longitudinally, a bus with a red front and a white roof was driving forward slowly, and then stopped. At the same time, a white off-road vehicle was driving in the lane on the right. turn
A yellow taxi is approaching from the right in the cross lane, followed by a large truck with a white front and no cargo in the compartment. Behind it is a white bus.
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane began to move forward. On the left was a yellow taxi, followed by a black car and a silver car, and on the right was a white car
A white car is driving in the turning lane on the left side, followed by a small truck with a blue front, followed by a black car and a dark blue car Car, at this time, a yellow taxi is driving past in the right turning lane.
A bus with a white roof and a red front is turning left, followed by a silver car and a red jeep, and then a white car
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane began to drive. Two red cars were at the front on the left, and then a small truck with a dark blue front and a light blue front passed in the middle lane on the left. large truck
A bus with a silver roof on the right is driving forward, a bus with a red front on the left drives to the turning lane and stops, and a blue bus passes by in the middle lane on the left , followed by a black car
A yellow taxi on the left passed the intersection, then a blue pickup truck on the right passed the intersection, followed by a black car
A silver car on the right is driving through the intersection, and then the black off-road vehicle next to it overtakes it. A black car on the left is turning, and then a silver car also Turn at the intersection
There are many cars passing by in the lanes on the left and right, and there are also a large number of electric vehicles driving on the road.
A minivan with a dark blue front turned on the left, followed by a silver car, and then a black car drove forward and passed the intersection
Vehicles on the longitudinal turning lane began to move forward. There was a red bus at the front on the left, followed by a row of cars. A yellow taxi on the right side of the lane was turning right. Behind is an electric car and a white off-road vehicle
A yellow taxi is turning left, and there are cars passing continuously in the turning lane on the left
Vehicles in the cross lane began to drive forward, passing many electric vehicles from right to left, followed by several cars
A red bus is coming from the right, followed by three black cars, a white car and a red off-road vehicle
A small truck with a dark blue front drove past from the right. Next to it was a light blue car, followed by several white cars and several silver cars.
A yellow taxi is coming from the right. Behind it is a small truck with a blue front and a green cabin. Behind the taxi is a dark blue off-road vehicle. At the same time A yellow taxi passes from the left
A dark blue off-road vehicle drove past from left to right, and at the same time many cars were driving forward from right to left.
A silver car slowly drove to the right turning lane and stopped, and then a small truck with a yellow front drove through the intersection.
A yellow taxi drove from the right, and then a red car drove to the right. Behind it was a silver car, and then from right to left. Several cars passed by
A large truck with a white front is driving to the right, followed by a red car from the right, then a yellow taxi, and a silver car from the right Slowly entering the turning lane
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane began to drive, and then a white off-road vehicle on the right turned to the right, followed by a small truck with a white front turning.
A white bus in the left longitudinal lane turned right, followed by a row of cars turning right.
A light green car in the right transverse lane turned left, and then two silver commercial vehicles drove past in the left turning lane, and then a white car
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane began to move forward. Many electric vehicles passed by on the left and right first, and then cars drove by one after another. A bus with a white front and red compartment on the left drove slowly. turn lane
A van with a yellow front and a green roof drove forward on the left, then a dark green van drove past on the right, followed by a small truck with a blue front. At the same time, the road There are also other cars and many electric vehicles driving on the
A bus with a red front and a silver roof on the left passed the intersection, and then a van with a yellow front and a green roof passed by.
Several cars passed by on the left, then a yellow taxi passed the intersection, and many electric cars passed the intersection on the right
A light blue off-road vehicle passed by on the right, followed by a silver off-road vehicle, a white car passed by on the left, and then many electric vehicles passed by on the right
A black off-road vehicle on the right is driving forward, and then a white car and a yellow car pass one after another
Vehicles on the longitudinal turning lane began to drive. A large truck with a white front on the left was followed by a small truck with a white closed compartment, and then a black car. At the same time, the road on the right continued. A car is turning left
A white car on the left turns right at the intersection
A small truck with a white front on the right is turning left
A silver car in the right longitudinal lane is turning right
A black car in the left cross lane turns left
A green car passed by from left to right
There are many electric vehicles passing by from right to left
A black business car and a black car are driving behind the electric car
A blue van drove through the intersection from the right
A small truck with a blue front and gray cabin is driving diagonally behind the van.
The small truck was followed by many cars
Two yellow taxis passing by from left to right
A silver van is passing the intersection
Two black cars and a white car drove through the intersection
A red car passes the intersection
A black car and a small truck with a blue front drove past side by side
Many cars pass by from left to right
A dark green car drove through the intersection from the right
The side and rear of the dark green car is a black car
Driving past a van with a yellow front and green roof from left to right
A black car passed behind the van
A small truck with a blue front drove by
There are cars passing through the intersection one after another
A yellow taxi drives to the left
A silver car drives to the left
A black car stopped in the left turning lane
There are cars passing by in the left and right directions.
A truck with a blue front is driving to the right
A black car stopped in the right turning lane
A truck with a blue front is driving to the right
A red jeep drove through the intersection
A blue truck with white cargo on the front
A yellow taxi on the right is turning right
Two white cars on the right are turning right
Two turning black cars followed the white car
A yellow taxi came from the right and passed the intersection
A black off-road vehicle passed by
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane start driving
Several black cars are turning
A dark blue car on the left is turning left
After the dark blue car, a black car, a silver car, and a white off-road vehicle turned and passed through the intersection.
A black car on the left is turning left
A red off-road vehicle turns left
A small truck with a white front turns left
Four cars in dark green, black, silver, and dark green turned and passed through the intersection in turn.
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane begin to move forward
There are a large number of electric vehicles passing by on the left and right sides
A dark blue car on the left is turning right
A large truck with a white front and closed compartment on the left entered the turning lane and stopped.
There are cars and electric vehicles passing by on both sides of the road.
A yellow taxi on the right passes the intersection
A blue bus on the right passes the intersection
A bus with a red front and silver roof passes by on the left
The bus was followed by a van with a yellow body and a green roof.
A black car drove through the intersection
A small truck with a blue front drove through the intersection
A truck with a blue front and a blue compartment passes the intersection on the left
A red car passed by on the right
There are cars and electric vehicles passing by on both sides of the road.
A small truck with a blue front and a white enclosed compartment drove past in the right lane.
A small truck with a blue front and dark green enclosed compartment drove past on the left
A white car turns right on the road on the left
A silver off-road vehicle turns right on the road on the left
A small truck with a blue front drove past on the right
There are cars and electric vehicles passing by on both sides.
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A large white truck passed by on the left
A series of cars passed behind the large white truck
A series of cars passed by in the left-turn lane on the right
A black car on the left turns right at the intersection
A white off-road vehicle on the right turns right through the intersection
A bus with a silver roof turns left at the intersection
Vehicles in the cross lane start driving
Two yellow taxis pass the intersection from right to left
Electric vehicles and cars are passing by one after another
A bus with a silver roof on the left stopped in the turning lane
A yellow taxi is driving to the right on the road
There are cars passing by on the road.
A small truck with a blue front and a white enclosed compartment is driving to the right
A small truck with a green front is driving to the left
A small truck with a blue front and a white front are driving side by side to the right
A truck with a blue front is driving to the left
A black business car driving to the right
There are different cars passing by on the road.
A silver car on the right is parked in the turning lane
A small truck with a blue front is driving to the left
A large green truck drove left through the intersection
A black car stopped in the right turning lane
A small truck with a white front is driving to the left
A large white truck with a front full of goods is driving to the right
There are different cars passing by on the road.
A silver-black commercial vehicle drives to the left
A small truck with a blue front is turning right
A black off-road vehicle driving to the left
There are different cars passing by on the road.
A small truck with a white front and a white enclosed compartment is driving to the right
A dark brown off-road vehicle drove to the left
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane start driving
A black car on the right turns right at the intersection
Two black cars on the left, a white car, a white car, a black car and a dark blue car are on the right at the intersection on the left. change
A silver off-road vehicle turned left at the intersection on the left
A blue electric vehicle turns left behind the off-road vehicle
A bus with a green front and white roof turns left at the intersection
The bus was followed by a white off-road vehicle and a silver car.
A white pickup truck on the left is turning right
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane began to drive forward. A small truck with a blue front drove past on the left, followed by a white bus and a black small truck stopped in the turning lane.
A yellow taxi passes by on the right
A white off-road vehicle and a black car are walking side by side
A truck with a blue front on the right is driving forward
There are three white cars on the left turning right at the intersection.
A bus with a red front and silver roof on the left is driving forward.
Many cars and electric vehicles passed by on both sides.
A silver off-road vehicle on the right is driving forward
A bus with a red front and silver roof on the left is driving forward.
A bus with a silver roof and a white body on the left turns right at the intersection
A yellow garbage truck on the right is driving forward
A yellow taxi is turning left
A van with a yellow body and a green roof on the right is driving forward.
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A black commercial vehicle, a white car, and a silver car on the right turn right at the intersection one after another
A silver business car on the left turned around in the middle of the road and drove into the right lane.
A bus with a silver roof on the left turns right
There are cars passing by on the longitudinal turning lane
Vehicles in the cross lane begin to move forward
A large number of electric vehicles and several cars passed by in both directions.
A small truck with a blue front is driving to the left
A black car and a silver commercial vehicle were parked in the right turning lane
There are cars passing by on the road.
A large truck with a white front is driving to the right
A red off-road vehicle followed behind the large truck
A silver business car is driving to the left
A yellow taxi drives to the left
There is a red car behind the yellow taxi.
Two silver cars and a silver SUV on the right turn at the intersection one after another
A car with a blue front and white compartment on the right turns right at the intersection
The car is followed by a silver car
A black business car drove to the left
After that, a small truck with a white front and black cabin drove to the left.
The yellow taxi was followed by a silver car and another yellow taxi.
A black business car drove to the left
A white car and a white off-road vehicle drove to the left
A white pickup truck drives to the left
A black car, a silver business car, a light green car, a silver business car and a black off-road vehicle are turning left on the right
A silver van on the left is turning left
The van was followed by a light blue car, a silver car, a black off-road vehicle, two white cars and a black car
A silver business car on the left is turning left
The silver business car was followed by a silver car and a black off-road vehicle
A yellow taxi on the left is driving forward
A black business car follows the yellow taxi
A truck with a blue and white front on the left is driving forward
There are cars and electric vehicles passing by on both sides of the road.
A white pickup truck on the right is driving forward
A black off-road vehicle on the left is driving forward
There are different cars and electric vehicles passing through the intersection.
A white business car on the left turns right at the intersection
A white truck with green cargo on the front is driving forward on the right
The truck was followed by a black car
A yellow taxi and a white car on the left turn right at the intersection
A blue bus and a black car on the right are driving forward
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
In the front on the left is a small truck with a blue front
The small truck was followed by a bus with a white roof and a blue front
The bus was followed by three yellow trucks containing goods.
Behind the truck are a silver car and a black car
A large number of electric vehicles drive on the cross lane
Several cars and a truck with a blue front drove past from right to left
A truck with a white front and a blue truck passed by from left to right.
Driving past a black off-road vehicle and a truck with a blue front and closed compartment from right to left
Different cars on both sides keep passing by
A yellow bus and a yellow car are coming from the left
Behind the car is a small truck with a blue front and a white enclosed compartment.
A yellow taxi and a van with a green roof and a yellow body passed by on the right
A blue pickup truck passed by
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A yellow taxi passed by from the right
A black off-road vehicle and a black car passed by from the left
A blue pickup truck passed by from the right
A red car passed by from the left
A black business car drove past from the right
Behind the business car is a silver off-road vehicle
A white truck passed by from the left
A white car and a cyan car passed by from the left
A white business car on the right is turning right
A white off-road vehicle passed by after several cars
A black van and a red car passed the intersection
A silver business car is passing by from the right
There are two black cars on the right turning at the intersection
Several cars passing by from the left
A yellow taxi passes by in the front on the right
Followed by two silver cars
There are three silver cars in front of the left lane
A bus with a silver roof and a black car on the right are turning
A silver commercial vehicle and a red car passed by on the left
A black business car and a blue pickup truck passed by in the right turning lane
A yellow taxi passed behind the pickup truck
A blue car on the left is turning
Two silver cars and a white car turn
A large number of electric vehicles pass by in the longitudinal lane
Three black cars and two white cars passed by on the left
A black off-road vehicle and a yellow taxi passed by
Several cars passing by on the left
A silver off-road vehicle passed by on the right first
The black car passed behind the off-road vehicle
A blue pickup truck on the left is turning
The car on the right is driving forward
Behind it is a blue pickup truck
A yellow taxi on the left passed the intersection
There are cars passing by on the left and right.
A blue van passed by on the left
Several different cars passed by on the left
A silver business car passes by on the right
A black car and a yellow taxi passed by
A bus with a silver roof on the left is moving forward
A white off-road vehicle passed by on the right
The off-road vehicle was followed by a black car and two yellow taxis
There is a small truck with a white closed compartment on the right passing through the intersection.
A blue car and two black cars passed by on the right
A black off-road vehicle passed by
A silver car on the left is turning
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
Several different cars passed by on the right
There are two cars in front on the left
A black van and a black off-road vehicle passed by
Behind the off-road vehicle is a black car
A large number of electric vehicles passed in both directions first
A silver business car drove past from right to left
Behind the business vehicle is a green off-road vehicle
Behind the off-road vehicle is a red off-road vehicle
A yellow taxi and a white commercial vehicle drove past from left to right
A yellow taxi drives past from right to left
A blue minivan drives past from left to right
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A small truck with a black compartment parked in the turning lane on the right turned out and drove left
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A black car on the right turns right at the intersection
Driving past an orange closed-car pickup truck from left to right
Followed by a black off-road vehicle
A white commercial vehicle and a red car drove past from right to left
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A small truck with a blue front and white compartment drove past from right to left
Followed by a silver business car
A black business car on the right is turning
Followed by a silver car
A black off-road vehicle and several cars drove across the road
From left to right, a small truck with a white closed compartment drives forward.
Passed by a truck with a white front
There are cars passing by behind.
There is a large blue truck with cargo on the front turning at the right intersection.
A black off-road vehicle and a red car passed behind the truck
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane start driving
Different cars passed by on both sides.
A large truck with a white front on the left is turning
Two black cars behind the big truck
A small truck with a blue front turned at the intersection
A black car on the right is turning right
A blue pickup truck on the right turns left
A black off-road vehicle and a white car on the left turn left at the intersection
A large number of electric vehicles passed on both sides
A yellow taxi and a van with a green roof and a yellow body passed side by side on the left
A black van and a dark blue front truck behind the van
A silver van drove past on the left
Behind the van is a white commercial vehicle
A series of cars passed by
A blue pickup truck passed by on the right
A small truck with a blue front and closed compartment is driving past on the right
A gray off-road vehicle and a black off-road vehicle passed by
There is a black car turning at the intersection on the left
A small truck with a blue front and a black closed compartment on the right is driving forward.
A silver business car passed by on the left
Behind the business car is a series of cars
A yellow taxi on the right is driving forward
Behind the taxi is a light blue off-road vehicle
A dark blue off-road vehicle on the left is turning
A red car passed the intersection
A yellow taxi and a black business car passed by on the left
A black off-road vehicle on the left turns at the intersection
A white pickup truck on the right is driving forward
A silver van on the left turns at the intersection
A silver off-road vehicle on the right is driving forward
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A silver business car on the right is turning left
On the left is a series of cars passing by
A white truck and a yellow taxi passed by on the right
A silver car in the left turning lane turned around and drove in the opposite direction.
A black off-road vehicle, a silver car, and a black car drove past in the left turning lane
Vehicles in the cross lane begin to move forward
Pass a large number of electric vehicles and a white car from right to left
A black business car drove by
A red car passed by next to the business vehicle
Driving past a truck with a white front from right to left
There is a black off-road vehicle behind the truck
A small truck with a white closed compartment and a black off-road vehicle passed by
A small truck with a white front drove by
A black off-road vehicle drives past from right to left
Behind the off-road vehicle is a red car
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A silver van and a black car drove past from left to right side by side
A van with a green roof and yellow body on the right turns at the intersection
There are cars passing by on the transverse lane
A yellow taxi drives through the intersection from left to right
A black car on the right turns at the intersection
Driving past a red car and a small truck with a blue front and white enclosed compartment from right to left
A white off-road vehicle on the right turns at the intersection
Two yellow taxis and a red car passed the intersection
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane start driving
A silver car, a blue and white off-road vehicle and a black off-road vehicle passed by on the left
A black off-road vehicle and a yellow taxi passed by on the right
A silver van is driving in the left turning lane
Several cars turn right at the intersection
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane start to move forward
A black off-road vehicle and a large number of electric vehicles drove forward on the left
A series of cars moving forward
Many electric vehicles and cars pass by on the right
A black car on the right turns right at the intersection
A yellow taxi and two cars passed by in the right longitudinal lane
A dark green van drove past on the right
There are cars passing by on the road on the left
A red car, a yellow taxi, and a green pickup truck passed by on the right road
Behind the small goods, a white car and a silver car passed by
A silver off-road vehicle and a small truck with a blue front drove past on the road on the right
Then a silver commercial vehicle and car drove past on the left
A black car on the left turns at the intersection
A silver van is driving forward on the road on the left
Behind is a black car and an off-road vehicle with a blue front
There are cars passing by on both sides of the road.
A large white truck on the left with green cargo on the front turns right at the intersection
A silver off-road vehicle passes by on the right
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A black off-road vehicle and a large truck with a white front drove past
There is a large truck with a green front on the left turning right at the intersection
A silver business car and a yellow taxi passed by in the left turning lane
A silver car and a silver commercial vehicle are driving
There is a dark blue off-road vehicle turning left at the intersection
A large white truck turned left at the intersection behind the off-road vehicle
A silver car on the left turns at the intersection
Vehicles in the transverse lane began to move forward, passing a large number of electric vehicles first
A yellow taxi drives past from right to left
There are a large number of cars moving forward on the transverse lane
Two yellow commercial vehicles drove past from right to left
A yellow taxi drives past from left to right
A large white truck and a white off-road vehicle passed by
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A yellow truck drives past from left to right
A white minivan, a silver car, a white off-road vehicle and a white car drove past the yellow truck.
A silver off-road vehicle drove to the turning lane
A red car and a white minivan drive past from left to right
There are cars passing by in the horizontal lane.
Driving past a large blue truck and a blue off-road vehicle from right to left
Behind the off-road vehicle is a large truck with a blue front
A silver business car drives past from right to left
A small truck with a white closed compartment is driving to the right
Driving past a large truck with a white front and black body from right to left
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane start driving
A silver off-road vehicle drove out first from the left
A silver-black off-road vehicle and a black car passed by in the left turning lane
A silver commercial vehicle and a silver car passed by in the right turning lane
A silver-black off-road vehicle and a white van drove past on the left
A large truck with a blue roof and a white compartment on the right turns right at the intersection.
A bunch of cars on the left turn right at the intersection
A white car and a blue minivan passed by on the left side turning lane
The blue pickup truck was followed by several different cars.
A large number of electric vehicles passed by on both sides
A bus with a silver roof passed by on the left
The bus was followed by a black commercial vehicle and a white car.
Several cars passing by on the right
A bus with a white roof on the left turns at the intersection
A blue pickup truck is driving forward on the road on the right
A bus with a white roof on the right is moving forward
A yellow truck on the right turns at the intersection
A blue minivan and a black off-road vehicle are driving forward
A blue truck on the left is driving forward
A yellow taxi on the left is driving forward
A red car and a black off-road vehicle passed by on the right
There are several cars passing by on the left side of the road
There is a small truck with a white closed compartment passing by on the left
A white car passed by on the left
A black off-road vehicle passes by on the right
A black off-road vehicle passed by on the left
A silver car turns at the intersection
A red car drives past on the left
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
In front on the left is a white off-road vehicle and a large truck with a white front
A van with a green roof and a yellow body passed by on the right.
A black off-road vehicle on the left turns right at the intersection
A white car passed by in the left turning lane
Behind the car is a silver business car, a black off-road vehicle, a silver car, and a white off-road vehicle
A black car turns left on the turning lane
A red off-road vehicle turns right at the intersection
A large red truck passed by in the left turning lane, with a small car placed in the compartment
A black off-road vehicle turns right at the intersection
A large number of electric vehicles passed on both sides
A white off-road vehicle and a large truck with a green front drove past from right to left.
Behind the large truck are many different cars
Two cars and a blue van drove past from left to right
A black off-road vehicle from left to right is passing the intersection
Driving past a small truck with a blue front from right to left
Behind the large truck is a dark blue off-road vehicle
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A truck with a blue front drives past from left to right
A black off-road vehicle and a red off-road vehicle passed by from right to left
A black commercial vehicle and a silver car drove past
There are cars passing by from left to right
A silver car on the left turns right at the intersection
Driving past a large truck with a white closed compartment from right to left
Driving past a small truck with a blue carriage from left to right
There are cars passing by in both directions.
A white passenger car drives past from right to left
The minibus is followed by a silver business car
After the business car is a black and a white off-road vehicle
Behind the white off-road vehicle is a black off-road vehicle and a black car
From right to left, a large white enclosed truck and a black off-road vehicle drove through the intersection.
A yellow taxi drives past from left to right
Driving past a small truck with a blue front and a black car from right to left
A blue minivan drives past from right to left
A black car on the right turns right at the intersection
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane start driving
A silver-black off-road vehicle and a yellow taxi drive out on the right
A black car and a yellow taxi drove out from the left
There is a series of cars passing by in the right turning lane
A black off-road vehicle drove out of the left turning lane
A yellow passenger car on the right is turning right at the intersection
Followed by a light blue car and a black off-road vehicle
A small truck with a blue front drove past in the left turning lane
After the minivan is a white off-road vehicle, a black car, a silver off-road vehicle and a silver-black off-road vehicle
A large number of electric vehicles passed on both sides
Two black cars and a yellow taxi passed by on the left
Behind the taxi is a dark green van
Then a cyan car passed by on the right
Followed by a silver business car
A yellow taxi drives out on the right
Followed by two cars
A red bus on the left is driving forward
Followed by a silver car
Behind the car is a red bus and a black off-road vehicle
A black car on the left turns right at the intersection
A black off-road vehicle and a black car drove past on the right
A silver car on the left turns at the intersection
Followed by a silver off-road vehicle
There are electric cars driving by on the road.
A white closed-car pickup truck is driving forward on the road on the right
Two black cars passed by on the left
Behind the car is a small truck with a blue front
Behind the minivan is a silver commercial vehicle
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A silver off-road vehicle passes by on the right
There are two cars turning on the left
Behind the car is a yellow crane
After the crane is a black commercial vehicle, a white car and a silver van
A white car on the left turns at the intersection
A black off-road vehicle drove past the right turning lane
A yellow taxi and a black car on the left turn right at the intersection
A large number of electric vehicles passed by on both sides
Different cars are driving forward in sequence
A white passenger car is driving forward from right to left
Behind the minibus is a yellow business car
Behind the side of the business vehicle is a black off-road vehicle
Behind the off-road vehicle is a truck with a white front
A large green truck is driving forward from left to right
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A blue pickup truck and a silver van drove past from left to right
There are cars passing by on both sides.
A yellow taxi drives from right to left
Driving past two cars and a white closed-car pickup truck from left to right
Driving past a dark green van
Behind the van is a large truck with a white front
From left to right, a black off-road vehicle and a white small truck with a closed compartment drove past
A black car drove to the left
There are several cars on the right turning right at the intersection
A red car drives past from right to left
There is a yellow taxi on the left in front of the turning lane
A small truck with a white roof and closed compartment is driving to the right
A yellow taxi drives past from right to left
A big blue crane on the right turns right at the intersection
Two silver cars turn right at the intersection
Driving past a large white truck with cargo on the front from right to left
A black business car on the right turns right at the intersection
A black car drives past from right to left
A white car and two blue minivans drive to the right
A yellow taxi drives past from left to right
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane begin to move forward
A yellow taxi drives out on the right
The taxi was followed by three black cars
A white car and a yellow taxi drove out from the left
Behind the taxi is a black car and a bus with a white roof
A blue minivan drove out of the left turning lane
Followed by a silver car and a blue minivan
A bus with a silver roof passed by in the right turning lane
There are a series of cars passing by in the turning lanes on the left and right
A black car turns right at the intersection
The car is followed by a silver SUV and turns right at the intersection
A white pickup truck behind the off-road vehicle turns right at the intersection
A white minibus behind the pickup truck turns right at the intersection
A white off-road vehicle behind the minibus turned right at the intersection
Behind the white off-road vehicle, a truck with a blue front and a white compartment turns right at the intersection.
A black car passed by the right turning lane
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane began to move forward, and a large number of electric vehicles and several cars passed by on both sides.
A dark red van and a blue truck with orange cargo on the front are driving forward on the right
A large truck with a white front on the left turns right at the intersection
A yellow commercial vehicle on the right is driving forward
A bus with a red front drove past on the left road
Behind the bus is a black business car and a green van
Behind a yellow taxi on the right and several different cars
A truck with a white front drove past on the left
Behind is a yellow taxi and a small truck with a blue front
Two black cars and a yellow taxi passed by on the left
There are cars driving in the left lane one after another
A white bus turned right at the intersection, followed by several different cars 1
A truck with a dark blue front is driving forward in the left lane
An electric vehicle in the right transverse lane came and stopped at the intersection, and then an electric vehicle passed by in the right longitudinal lane
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
Two cars passed by on the left, followed by a yellow taxi
Two cars and two trucks with blue fronts
There are cars passing by in the right turning lane.
A silver car drove past in the right turning lane, followed by a blue off-road vehicle and a silver car.
A white car turns left in the right turning lane, followed by a red car
A silver car is coming from the right turning lane.
A silver off-road vehicle on the left turns right at the intersection
There are two electric vehicles on the road on the left and stop before the intersection.
A large number of electric vehicles passed by on both sides first
A black car drives past from right to left
Behind the car is a silver business car and a silver van
Many cars passed by one after another
A white truck drove through the intersection from right to left, followed by a light blue van and many different cars.
A truck with a blue front and a white enclosed compartment is driving to the left
There are different cars passing by on both sides of the road.
A silver business car on the right is turning right at the intersection, followed by several different cars
A white minivan drove past from left to right, followed by several different cars and a minivan with a blue front
From right to left, a large truck with a blue front is driving forward.
From left to right, there is a small truck with a white closed compartment driving forward, and behind it is a silver van.
A yellow taxi drives to the right, followed by a large truck with a white front
Several cars and a small truck with a blue front drove past from right to left.
A yellow commercial vehicle drove out of the left turning lane, followed by a silver car.
There are cars driving forward in both directions.
A small truck with a white closed compartment is driving to the right
A large truck with a white front drove past from right to left.
Behind the big truck is a yellow taxi, a black commercial vehicle and a silver car
A large yellow truck drives to the right
A silver car on the right is turning right at the intersection
A black business car driving to the left
Driving past a large truck with a white closed compartment from left to right
A blue minivan drove past from right to left, followed by a white car and a yellow commercial vehicle.
Vehicles in the turning lane begin to move forward
A yellow taxi and a black car drove out on the right
There is a black car and a green roof van on the right turning right at the intersection
There is a series of cars on the left turning right at the intersection
There are cars passing by in the turning lanes on the left and right.
A white minibus on the left is driving left on the turning lane
The minibus was followed by two cars and a small truck with a white front, and a black off-road vehicle passed by
Vehicles in the longitudinal lane start to move forward
A large number of electric vehicles drove out on both sides
There are cars driving forward on the left
There is a bus with a red front on the left, turning right at the intersection, and behind it is a large truck with a white closed compartment.
On the right there is a small truck with a white closed compartment and a yellow taxi driving forward side by side.
A dark green van on the left is driving forward
There are cars and electric vehicles passing the intersection on both sides.
A yellow taxi on the left is driving forward
A yellow taxi turns right at the intersection
There are many cars passing by on the left and right roads.
A silver car and a black commercial vehicle on the left turn right at the intersection
A yellow commercial vehicle passed by on the left
Behind the business vehicle is a black car and a yellow taxi
There are cars passing by on both sides.
Two black cars turn right at the intersection on the left
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A white off-road vehicle on the left turned left at the intersection, followed by a yellow taxi
There is a white business car on the left turning right at the intersection
There is a small truck with a blue front on the right turning right.
A yellow business car passed by in the left turning lane
A black car on the right turns right at the intersection.
A black off-road vehicle and a blue rider's minivan on the right turn left at the intersection
Vehicles in the cross lane start to move forward
A large number of electric vehicles passed by in the left and right directions first
A yellow off-road vehicle and a black car pass by on the right
The car is followed by a silver commercial vehicle
A white car drives past from left to right
Next to the white car is a small truck with a blue front
A white car and a blue truck are driving side by side behind the small truck.
A yellow taxi is driving to the left
A yellow business car drives past from left to right
A blue truck drives past from right to left
Behind the truck are a yellow commercial vehicle and several cars
There is a bus with a silver roof passing by from left to right
Beside the bus is a light blue car
A light orange bus drove into the left turning lane
There are cars driving forward on both sides.
A small truck with a dark green carriage drove past from left to right.
Behind the minivan is a yellow taxi,
A white car and a yellow commercial vehicle drove to the right
A large truck with a blue front drove past from right to left
The large truck was followed by a black commercial vehicle and two silver cars
There are cars passing by on both sides of the road.
There is a silver business car on the right turning right at the intersection
Behind the business car is a series of cars
Vehicles in the transverse turning lane begin to move forward
A silver business car drove past on the left
The business car is followed by a light orange bus
Behind the bus is a red van
A yellow taxi and a dark blue SUV drove past the right turning lane
A yellow taxi passed by in the right turning lane
A silver van in the left turning lane is turning left
The van was followed by a silver off-road vehicle
There are cars on the right turning right at the intersection.
A dark blue off-road vehicle drove out of the left turning lane
Behind the off-road vehicle are a large truck with a dark blue front and a large truck with a light blue front.
A black car passed by in the left turning lane
After the car is a red van
The van was followed by a bus with a green front and a white roof.
A black off-road vehicle turned left at the intersection
There are a large number of electric vehicles driving forward on both sides
There are cars passing by one after another
A silver car on the left road turns right at the intersection
A yellow taxi is driving forward in the left lane
A bus with a white roof and a green body drove past on the road on the right 2
The bus is followed by a blue bus
There are cars passing by on the roads on both sides.
A black commercial vehicle on the left road is passing the intersection
Behind the commercial vehicle is a small truck with a blue front
A yellow off-road vehicle is driving forward on the road on the right
After the off-road vehicle are two cars
There is a black off-road vehicle on the left turning right at the intersection
A red car is driving forward
A yellow taxi is driving forward on the road on the right, followed by a silver minivan.
After the minivan is a black car driving forward
There are several cars passing by on the road on the left.
Vehicles in the longitudinal turning lane begin to move forward
A yellow taxi in the right lane is turning left
Behind the taxi is a bus with a silver roof
A black car passed by in the turning lane on the left
Behind the car are a black off-road vehicle, a white passenger car, a white van and a black car
There is a white off-road vehicle on the left turning right at the intersection
There are cars passing by on the turning lanes on the left and right.
There was a black car on the left that turned around and drove into the right lane before the intersection.
There is a black car on the left turning right at the intersection
Vehicles in the transverse lane began to drive forward. A large number of electric vehicles passed by in the left and right directions, and then different cars passed by the intersection.
A blue pickup truck on the left turns right at the intersection
A yellow business car drives past from left to right
Next to the business vehicle is a truck with a blue front
There are cars passing by in both directions.
A large truck with a white front drove past from left to right.
There is a yellow business car next to it
There is a dark blue off-road vehicle driving to the right behind the commercial vehicle
Off-road followed by a silver van
Off-road, many electric vehicles and several small cars passed by from right to left.
A truck with a dark blue front on the right turns at the intersection
The truck was followed by three cars
A white double-decker bus drives from right to left
A black off-road vehicle drove past from left to right
A white off-road vehicle on the right turns right at the intersection
There is a silver van also turning right at the intersection on the right
A large white truck drives past from right to left
A silver car passed by in the left lane first
After the car is a large blue truck
Behind the large truck is a black off-road vehicle, a blue large truck, and a silver commercial vehicle.
A yellow taxi drove out of the left turning lane
followed by a black car
A white car and a silver-black off-road vehicle behind the black car
In an office, a man on the left is looking through the information on the table
The man holds his chin and looks at the computer in front of him
Sitting next to the man is a woman wearing a headscarf who is looking at the computer
A man in a black vest walked from right to left at the office door while talking on the phone
Two men in black walked past from left to right
The automatic door of the office opens
Sitting man typing while looking at the computer screen
The automatic door of the office is closed
A woman wearing a hijab looks at the computer screen while typing
Two women walked side by side from right to left at the office door
Sitting man typing facing the computer
The man lowered his head to check the information on the table in front of him
A man carrying a bag walked past the office door from left to right
The sitting man continues to look at the computer in front of him
He put his left hand on his chin
A bearded man in a green shirt walked from the left to a computer desk on the right
The bearded man stood up straight, smiled and nodded and walked to the left
In a playground, there is a yellow slide and a green slide on the left side. There are many ocean balls in the pool below the slide.
On the left side of the room is the blue and yellow floor
There is a turnstile at the entrance to the playground on the right side of the room
A man wearing a shirt and black pants and a man wearing short sleeves walked into the small transparent room next to it
The man in short sleeves sat on a blue chair and kept rocking back and forth.
Man in shirt squatting and rummaging for something
Man in short sleeves squats down and constantly adjusts the blue chair
The short-sleeved man has been adjusting the blue chair. He raised and lowered the back of the seat.
The man in short sleeves turned back and held a large blue cabinet with his hand
The man in a shirt squatted in front of the cabinet and rummaged for something.
The man in short sleeves turned his head to look at the chair. He lowered the backrest of the seat and stood it up again.
The man in shirt stood up and walked to the red counter next to the turnstile.
The man in the shirt turned and walked back to the door of the small room
The short-sleeved man in the room stood up and walked a few steps in place
The man in the shirt spoke to the man in short sleeves and waved his arms
The man in shirt turned and walked towards the turnstile
The short-sleeved man sat on the table in the small room
The man in shirt walked sideways through the gap next to the turnstile and walked into the playground on the left
The short-sleeved man walked out through the turnstile and walked into the playground
There is no one in the room, only the colorful lights are shining continuously
A man in dark blue short-sleeves and a curly-haired woman in a white top came from the left, talking as they walked
They stopped at the exit of the playground and continued to stand and communicate.
The man in a dark blue shirt walked to the right to the turnstile and pulled the crossbar on the turnstile with his hand
The woman in white top follows him
A man wearing a shirt and a man wearing light-colored short sleeves came from the left
Then the man in the dark blue shirt and the woman in the white shirt passed through the turnstile in turn.
Two men in plaid shirts came from the left
Four men walked out through the turnstile in order: the man wearing a shirt, the man wearing light-colored short sleeves, the man wearing a red plaid shirt and the man wearing a black and white plaid shirt
There is no one in the room, only the colorful lights are shining continuously
A man wearing a white shirt and black trousers walked out of the gap next to the turnstile.
The man in gray half-sleeves and the woman wearing a headscarf and carrying a red tray followed him and walked out through the turnstile in turn.
The man in white short sleeves fiddled with the small transparent door next to him.
He passed through the gap next to the turnstile and walked through the turnstile to the door on the right
The man in white short sleeves took two steps in place at the door
The man in gray half-sleeves walked in, and he handed the man in white short-sleeves two white bottles.
#The man in gray half-sleeves walked to the left through the turnstile
The man in white short sleeves lowers his head to check the white bottle in his hand
The man in white short sleeves walked out of the door on the right
There is no one in the room, only the colorful lights are shining.
The woman wearing a headscarf and holding a red tray walked in from the door on the right and walked to the left through the turnstile.
There is no one in the room, only the colorful lights are shining.
The man in gray half-sleeves passed through the gap next to the turnstile and entered the small transparent room next to the slide.
The man in gray half-sleeves walked to the table in the small room, bent down and rummaged for something
The man in gray half-sleeves walked from the small transparent room to the red counter next to the turnstile and squatted down
A man in white clothes and white pants approached along the shed.
Inside the shed are some bottled drinks and sacks covered with red cloth
Several people were leaning on the pillars of the shed.
A man in long black clothes and black trousers bent down and lifted a large oval-shaped iron basin, wide at the top and narrow at the bottom, and walked into the house.
A man in a blue shirt and black pants walked to the pole of the shed with his hands in his pockets and put one hand on the red cloth
The man in the black long coat came out of the house, bent down to adjust the position of the red cloth, and then walked to the man in the blue coat.
A man in yellow-green clothes and a man in light yellow clothes walked to the shed and put things covered by red cloth.
The two people covered the newly moved things with red cloth and left
A man dressed in white quickly walked outside the shed and waved to the outside.
The man in white clothes pushed away the wooden cart next to the shed
A white van slowly drove to the shed
Then reverse slowly.
The car slowly drove forward and stopped next to the shed
A man in white clothes stuck his head out of the window and looked at the front of the car
The man in white in the van unbuckled his seat belt and rolled up the driver's glass.
The man in white opened the door and got out of the car, closing the door.
A man in white clothes and a man in a yellow robe and a white headscarf got out of the car at the back door.
The two closed the car door at the back and walked to the shed
The man in white took out the key, opened the front and rear doors and got in.
The man in white got out of the car, closed all the doors and walked to the shed.
The man in a yellow robe walked out of the shed carrying three plastic bags containing things.
The man in white quickly passed by the outside of the shed, pulled the red cloth covering something, and then stood next to the red cloth.
Several people came over and faced him
The man in white holds the arm of another man in white and asks him to stand next to the red cloth
The man stopped and put the white towel on his shoulders, holding on to the pole.
A man in a yellow robe sat on the bench next to the red cloth.
A few more people came over and gathered together
The man in yellow clothes took off his scarf and wrapped it around his neck
A group of people stood next to the red cloth and said something
Most people left the shed, only three people were still in the shed
A man in white pulls the red cloth upward to cover the boxes of bottles more tightly
A man wearing a white robe, a white hat, and a red cloth on his shoulders walked out of the shed.
A group of people walked to the shed and gathered next to the red cloth
A man in brown clothes ran away along the shed
A group of people followed him and ran out again
The man in the white hat and white clothes entered the house alone
Three people got into the van parked outside the shed
The man in white reversed the car and drove away
The man in yellow and green clothes entered the house, and the man in white clothes and carrying a green sack came out one after another.
The man in white carried the sack until he walked outside the shed
A man in white and a man in yellow and green clothes walked away from the shed.
A man in black clothes and black pants came out of the house and walked over
A man in white robe walked out of the shed
A man in a gray-green robe and a white hat walks away along the red cloth
A group of people gathered in the shed
Two men in white passed by and walked out of the shed.
A man in white clothes and a white veil passed by and looked into the shed.
A man in yellow and green clothes opened the red cloth and bent down to look at what was inside.
The man in green took out a roll of thread from under the red cloth, and wrapped the thread around the red cloth with the other two men
A man in yellow clothes parked next to the shed on a motorcycle
A group of men stood together and looked into the distance in the shed
The man in yellow clothes walked to the motorcycle and rode away.
A child in dark green clothes and a child in white clothes passed by the shed
A man in green clothes walked to the door of the house inside the shed
Several men turned around and looked at the man in green clothes
Several men approached from outside the shed, and a man in brown clothes pulled the arm of the man in black who was leaning on the pole to talk.
Several people walked along the shed together
A group of people walked towards the door of the house and gathered under the shed.
Two men carrying blue buckets stopped outside the shed and talked.
A group of people gathered under a shed farther away and looked outside
There is a man in white clothes and hat passing by outside the shed.
A man in a light yellow robe and a man in a white robe walked quickly from outside to the shed
The man in light yellow robe raised his hand to his waist and gestured with numbers, talking to the people under the shed
Then he turned around and asked the man in white robe to walk out of the shed together.
A man in blue short sleeves kept gesticulating with his hands and talking to the person next to him
There are people walking around outside the shed.
There are still a group of people inside the shed leaning on the railings, looking and talking.
A man parked his tricycle outside the shed, got out of the car and walked away.
A group of people gradually gathered under the shed next to the tricycle and looked into the distance
A man walked to the side of the tricycle, holding the handlebar with one hand and the body with the other
People keep passing by outside the shed
The man pushed the tricycle away, and a group of people stood under the shed
There are people walking around outside the shed.
There are still a group of people inside the shed leaning on the railings, looking and talking.
A tricycle slowly backed up and approached the shed, then stopped outside the shed
People keep walking past the shed
A large group of men gradually gathered next to the shed, centered on a man in white robes
The man in white robe walked up to a man in orange clothes and waved him out.
A man in yellow clothes and a turban and a man in white stand between them
A large group of people surrounded them
The man in orange clothes slowly backed away
A black old man wearing a white hat, blue clothes and a black vest waved his hand
Several men talked for a while around the red cloth
Several men lifted up the red cloth to reveal what was underneath.
A man in yellow clothes picked up a box of things under the red cloth and pointed it at the room, and then kept stacking the boxes high.
A man in yellow and green clothes moved three boxes
The old man in the white hat stretched out his arm and directed the man, asking him to walk into the house
The old man in the white hat walked to the outside of the shed and spoke to the people next to him
The old man in the white hat waved his finger at the boxes and left
The man in yellow walked into the house holding five boxes.
Several men kept stacking the boxes high and then moved them into the house
There are people passing by outside the house and shed all the time
A man in yellow and green clothes walked outside the shed from the box under the red cloth
A man in a black dress and a white headscarf walked into the shed and placed the white plastic bag on the red cloth on the other side.
The man in the white turban adjusted the turban and took out some papers from his pocket and kept reading.
The man in the white turban leaves part of it and puts the rest back in his pocket
A man with a pink basin on his head filled with yellow things stood under the shed, talking to the man moving the goods.
The man in the white turban picked up the bag placed on the red cloth.
Several men walked along the shed carrying boxes
The man with the powder basin on his head walked outside the shed
A van backed up slowly and stopped next to the shed
A man with a yellow hat and a beard came out of the house carrying a blue bag and a yellow bag and put the bags on the ground.
Several men came over again and gathered under the shed
A man in yellow and green clothes kept making gestures and pointed out the shed
The man in yellow and green clothes stood in the shed and spoke in the direction of the red cloth
A man in blue clothes opened the red cloth and looked at it for a while before walking along the shed.
The man in blue clothes completely lifted the red cloth, revealing a pile of boxes underneath
The man in the yellow hat walked to the door of the house, picked up the blue bag, and walked out of the shed carrying the yellow bag
The man in blue is sorting boxes under the shed
The man in black rolled up the rope next to the red cloth and began to arrange the red cloth
The man picked up an empty plastic bag and walked into the house. After filling it, he tied it and handed it to the person wearing a white headscarf at the door.
The man in white turban put the bag on the red cloth and left
The man in black took out a roll of rope from under the red cloth, twisted it into a ball and threw it to the ground. Then he picked up something next to the red cloth and walked into the house.
A man in a white hat came out of the house with a powder basin filled with yellow things.
The man wearing a white turban walked into the shed and stood next to the red cloth.
The man carrying the powder basin stood at the door of the house for a while and then walked out of the shed with the powder basin.
The man wearing a white turban walked out of the shed carrying several bags
Several people in white clothes walked to the shed and stood for a while before leaving.
A man in black walked into the shed carrying a glass of water
A man in blue clothes sat on the stool next to the red cloth and took the water.
The man in light blue clothes took the red cloth away from a pile of boxes, placed it on the ground and kicked it into a ball.
The man in dark blue clothes sitting on the stool took a sip of the water in the cup and poured the remaining water outside the shed.
The man in dark blue clothes handed the cup to the man in black, and then walked into the house.
The man in black put the cup on the sack next to the stool and pulled the stool to the door of the house
The man in black held the arm of the man in light blue and shook it, asking him to sit down
The man in light blue clothes took away his arm and did not sit down
The man in black moved the stool back to its original place.
The man in light blue clothes is standing next to a pile of boxes, sorting the boxes
A man wearing a black helmet, white shirt, and khaki pants rode an electric scooter quickly through the intersection
A man wearing a gray shirt and blue jeans pushed a yellow tricycle slowly through the intersection
There are many cars on the lanes in both directions of the intersection
There are many pedestrians walking on both sides of the road
A yellow bus drives slowly at the intersection, then turns to the left.
A man wearing a blue shirt, black pants, and carrying a brown briefcase crossed the traffic and walked to the other side of the road
Many blue and green electric tricycles and motorcycles passing by
A yellow bus slowly passed through the intersection, followed by a white jeep
There is a pedestrians head flashing at the bottom
A man holding a red umbrella and wearing a yellow shirt was followed by a group of people, walking through the traffic to the other side of the road. There were many electric tricycles passing by.
A man wearing a green and white striped shirt pushed a bicycle slowly towards the other side of the road
A man wearing a red and black striped shirt and blue jeans walks opposite a man wearing a green and white striped shirt.
Two yellow and green electric tricycles are driving side by side in one direction, followed by an electric tricycle of the same color.
There are many yellow and green electric tricycles and motorcycles passing by
A man wearing a blue shirt and dark brown pants quickly walked to the other side of the road
A woman wearing a yellow dress and carrying a blue bag quickly walked to the other side of the road
A black bus turned right at the intersection, blocking half of the screen
A white bus and many electric tricycles and motorcycles passed the intersection
A light blue truck, two white cars and many electric tricycles and motorcycles passed the intersection
A man wearing a light blue shirt and blue jeans stood up and rode a tricycle to the other side of the road
Many cars and three-wheeled bicycles pass by the intersection
A truck with white skin, blue cargo box, and lots of rust slowly passed the intersection
There are many electric tricycles passing by
A man in a red and white striped shirt and brown pants rode a tricycle slowly through the intersection
The tricycle is followed by a white bus
A white car passed through the intersection quickly, turning to the left to avoid the pedestrian in a white shirt crossing the road in the middle of the road.
Many electric tricycles and cars passing by
There are many cars and electric tricycles passing the intersection
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants glanced at the traffic at the intersection and quickly walked to the other side of the road.
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a green bag and has been observing the traffic flow left and right.
The man quickly walked to the other side of the road
A man wearing a light blue shirt and blue jeans rode an electric scooter quickly through the intersection
A man riding an electric bicycle saw a pedestrian in a white shirt and white pants quickly turning to the left after crossing the road.
There are many electric tricycles and several white cars passing the intersection
A yellow and green three-wheeled electric vehicle that occupied the opposite lane suddenly returned to the left lane, forcing a man on a bicycle with a blue and white striped shirt and brown pants to stop in the middle of the road.
There are many electric tricycles, three-wheeled bicycles and a white bus passing the intersection
A policeman in a white shirt, white trousers, and a black hat stood in the middle of the road and raised his arm to wave to the oncoming car to move forward.
Another policeman in a white shirt, white trousers, and a black hat walked across the road and stood on the opposite side
A white bus and many electric tricycles and two cars passed the intersection
There are many electric tricycles and motorcycles passing the intersection
The police took a woman in a yellow dress to the middle of the road and raised her hands to the cyclists to signal them to avoid them.
The police made a please gesture and asked the woman to continue walking to the other side of the road.
A man wearing a red helmet rides a motorcycle, and a man wearing purple and white stripes sits behind him
The cyclist reached out and threw something on the road
Motorcycle, a man in a white and blue plaid shirt, a man in red riding a three-wheeled bicycle and a man in a blue and white striped shirt cross the road together
Many electric tricycles and three-wheeled bicycles pass the intersection
A rusty truck and several vans carrying many sacks passed the intersection
A man wearing a white helmet, a dark purple shirt, and jeans was riding a motorcycle quickly in the middle of the traffic on both sides.
A yellow bus and several vans passed the intersection
Many three-wheeled bicycles and electric tricycles passing the intersection
A man in a blue shirt left the traffic and drove to the other side of the road, waving to the other side
A man in yellow clothes and a crossbody bag and a man in a gray shirt walked side by side to the opposite side of the road
Many people riding electric bicycles and wearing helmets and many electric tricycles passed through the intersection quickly
Several cars, vans and many three-wheeled bicycles passed the intersection
A man wearing a blue and white striped shirt, blue jeans, and carrying a white bag slowly walked to the middle of the road
The man looked down at his phone for a while and then continued to walk to the other side of the road.
A man wearing a purple shirt and blue jeans observed the traffic on the side of the road for a while, then walked to the middle of the road
The man returned to the roadside and continued to observe the traffic flow.
There are two white cars and many electric tricycles passing the intersection
There is only one direction of traffic, and pedestrians on both sides of the road are crossing the road front and back.
There are many three-wheeled bicycles and bicycles passing the intersection
A man with a white top, white shorts, and a red envelope, a woman with a pink envelope, a red and green top, and a girl with a big blue bag walked to the opposite side of the road together.
A man in yellow clothes riding an electric bicycle passed between them
There are many electric vehicles, tricycles and two cars passing by
A green electric tricycle slowly stopped on the roadside
A woman in a red dress got into the car and a man in blue clothes also got in and the car drove away slowly.
A fat man in dark gray clothes, black trousers walked quickly towards the horse
The driving blue electric car turned in time to avoid the fat man
There are many tricycles and several vans passing by
There are many pedestrians crossing the road at the same time on both sides of the road
Many electric tricycles pass the intersection
A man wearing orange clothes and dark gray pants started riding a bicycle from the side of the road to the middle of the road. He circled his legs from behind and sat on the saddle. Then he looked back and merged into the opposite side. traffic flow.
Several vans and electric tricycles passed the intersection
Three men in white clothes and a man holding a black umbrella, wearing a light yellow top and brown pants quickly crossed the road
Among the three people, a man in white is pushing a bicycle and running
The traffic flow in both directions is only electric tricycles and electric vehicles.
There is a yellow bus and many electric tricycles passing the intersection
There are many electric bicycles and electric vehicles passing by in the same direction
A group of people gathered on the other side of the road, looking left and right.
A blue bus and several vans passed the intersection
A man in a white shirt and black pants and a woman in a yellow skirt observed the traffic flow and then crossed the road
A yellow bus and a white bus drove slowly towards each other at the intersection
A man in a black shirt and black pants bent over to take a mobile phone from a blue plastic bench.
There is a dark brown, counter-like table and a red stool next to the blue bench.
Surrounded by two very long glass cabinets, the cabinets are filled with boxes.
Outside the room is a row of glass doors
A man in blue clothes and black pants walked to the blue plastic stool and picked up a red box and put it on the table next to him
The man in black clothes quickly put down his things, stood up and sat on the red stool next to the table
The man in black clothes and the man in blue said something
The man in blue clothes turned around, opened the outer glass door, walked out and closed the door
A woman with a blue headscarf, a dark purple top, and blue pants walked into the room and picked up the box that the man in blue put on the table.
The woman waved to the man in blue outside the door
The woman looked at the box in her hand for a while
The woman picked up something the size of a mobile phone from the blue plastic stool and placed the red box and things on the glass cabinet
After the woman pushed open the sliding door of the glass cabinet
The woman looked outside and walked to the table to talk to the man in black.
A man in black clothes and black pants walked from the inside of the house to the door.
Beside the aisle are some desks, chairs and a couch
A man wearing a dark blue shirt and blue jeans walked quickly down the stairs enclosed by glass inside the room.
A man in black is walking up and down the stairs inside the room
The man in black faced the wall and leaned forward and squatted down
A long-haired woman in a gray top and blue jeans walked up from the stairs, put the bag on her shoulder on her arm, and walked out of the door
A woman with yellow hair and flesh-colored clothes and a man in dark blue clothes were sitting on the white sofa in the middle of the room talking.
There is a table in the middle of the sofa, opposite a row of tables and many chairs
The man in dark blue clothes sitting on the sofa picked up the cup held in his lap with both hands and took a sip
The man put the cup on the table in the middle of the sofa
The man in dark blue clothes and the blonde woman sitting on the sofa have been talking
A man with a yellow turban and a green shirt and a man with a dark blue shirt sit behind a long white table and type on the computer.
A woman with a pink headscarf is sitting behind a long white table, talking on the phone with one hand and putting the other hand on the table.
The woman placed her mobile phone on the table and continued to look at the computer
The woman in pink headscarf picked up the phone again and put it next to her ear, making a call while looking at the computer
A white car drove across the road quickly, followed by a black car
There is a row of houses and grass on the right side of the road, and a wall on the left side of the road
A white van drove past, followed by a silver car
A man wearing black clothes and blue jeans is walking slowly on the sidewalk next to the road
An ambulance with flashing lights passed quickly, with a black car behind it
A black off-road vehicle and a white SUV drove across the road quickly
A white minivan and a yellow car passed quickly
A silver car and a white car passed quickly
A woman in pink clothes and long black hair sits in front of the white counter and looks at the computer
A man in a white shirt, black pants, and black-rimmed glasses walked in and walked to the counter and placed a long object on the counter.
The man took out a black wallet, took out a hundred yuan bill from it and handed it to the woman
The woman in pink took the object from the counter, put it on the table in front of her chest, and looked at the computer
The woman took the money handed by the man and continued to look at the computer.
Man waiting at the counter
The woman handed the object and change to the man
The female man nodded after taking it, and then walked out of the door
The woman took the one hundred yuan bill in her hand and folded it, then continued to look at the computer
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans held a white bucket and poured water on the low wall by the roadside.
The man poured the remaining water onto the wall and the ground
The man in black shirt walked along the wall and kicked a green basin aside
Another man in a black shirt, holding a pink cloth in his hand, stood next to a white SUV and watched the man pour water.
The front and rear doors of the SUV are open
The man threw the pink cloth into the back seat of the car and got his upper body into it
A man in black clothes and black pants smoking a cigarette walked along the road and shook hands and hugged a man in a black leather jacket
Two people stood on the roadside talking together
The man wearing a black shirt and jeans walked from the side to the wall, picked up a thin object from the ground and placed it on the wall
The man who leaned his upper body into the car exited and stood next to the car. He paused for a while and then walked to the wall.
A woman wearing a white windbreaker and a red headscarf passed by the wall.
The man in black wearing jeans looked down at his feet and walked away from the wall
A black car drove past the road
There are many cars parked on both sides of the road
The man in black wearing jeans walked to the wall with a white bucket and poured water on the wall
The man picked up a few mats from the wall, repeatedly adjusted the positions and spread them on the wall, and poured water on the wall again with a bucket
The man in black once again took the bucket and left the wall
A yellow van drove across the road
A white van slowly passed by the road next to it
The man in a striped dark shirt held a piece of pink cloth and walked around to the car door from behind, opened the rear door on the middle side of the road, and then leaned in with his upper body
Two people in dark blue clothes passed by the low wall and looked back
A woman wearing gray clothes and a dark red headscarf and a long-haired woman wearing a black top also passed by the wall
The man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans walked to the car and looked at the back seat of the car
A woman wearing a black windbreaker, red pants, and a pink headscarf walked across the wall from a man dressed all in black.
Two women in black clothes passed by the shop. There was a pillar surrounded by billboards next to the shop.
A woman wearing a white top and light blue jeans quickly walked past the store
A man dressed in black and carrying a box walked slowly past the pillar while talking on the phone
A woman in gray clothes and a man in black clothes walked out from behind the pillar and passed by the shop
A man in dark gray clothes and a woman in gray clothes passed by the shop face to face
A man in gray clothes walked behind the pillar pushing a stroller, followed by a woman in pink clothes, leading a little girl in black, and walked together to the open space next to the pillar.
Several people turned around and walked away in another direction
Two women in black and a woman in khaki walked from the back of the shop to the door on the other side
A woman in white carrying a shoulder bag and a woman in blue walked out from behind the pillar and passed by the shop
Two long-haired women standing in front of the shop talking
A bald man passed by two long-haired women
A long-haired woman stood behind the shop and combed her hair
Another long-haired woman stood there
A group of people walked past the pillars and shops on both sides
The long-haired woman who had combed her hair walked back to the other woman from behind the shop
There are many desks with partitions in a large office
Some people in the office are looking at the computer
A man wearing a white shirt and gray pants stood up from the chair and walked along the aisle next to the desk
A man in a dark blue shirt sat in front of the computer and kept wiping his nose with his hand.
The man crossed his arms and looked back, then looked down at the computer
A man in a light blue shirt sat on an office chair and walked down the aisle with his feet.
The man in dark blue clothes holds the sleeve of the other arm with one hand, and then buttons the cuffs
A bald man in a blue shirt walked outside the counter and handed something in his hand to the man in black sitting behind the counter.
The screen turned to black and white, a bald man walked to the counter, picked up a notebook on the counter, put it under his arm and left
A man in a black coat stood in front of the shelf and looked at the things on the shelf
A man in blue clothes walked from the shelf to the man in black
The man in black raised his head and looked at the man in blue, and then the two talked for a while
A man in green stood in front of the shelf in the distance and took a few boxes from the shelf
The man looked at the surrounding shelves and walked to the other side of the shelves
The man in green looked at the shelves and took a step back
The man in blue took a box from the shelf and showed it to the man in black. After the two talked for a while, the man in blue put the box back.
A man in blue is standing in front of the shelves sorting
A man in black walked to the other side of the shelf and talked to the man in blue across the shelf
The man in blue walked to the man in black. The two were talking and looking at the shelves together.
The man in black raised his arm and put his hand on the box on the shelf
A man in dark blue clothes walked to the outdoor round table and sat on the chair next to it
A man in black clothes sits on the chair opposite
The man in black and the man in dark blue were sitting on chairs next to the round table and talking.
A blond woman wearing jeans holding an umbrella passed by the round table and walked into the house
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans and a man in a brown shirt and blue jeans walked into the automatically opened glass sensor door
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walked out of the glass sensor door
A woman in a khaki skirt and two men in black also walked out one after another
A man in a yellow shirt and black jeans walked into the glass sensor door
The glass sensor door slowly closed and then did not open.
A man wearing a red shirt and blue jeans walked from the left side of the room to behind the table on the right side of the room
A man in a black shirt walked to the table on the left side of the room and placed the black schoolbag he was carrying and the bag he was carrying on the ground.
The man in black walked towards the man in red. The man in red stretched out his arm and gave the man in black something.
The man in black walked out from the right wall and walked to the left side of the room
The man in black sits at the table on the left side of the room, and the man in red sits at the table on the right side of the room
There was paper coming out of the printer against the wall behind the man in red, and it fell to the ground and rolled over.
A man wearing an orange vest walked to the middle of the house
A man in red clothes opened the door and walked into the room
The man in red sitting at the table stood up
The man in the orange vest handed the man in red who stood up some paper
The man in the orange vest took the remaining paper and left
The man in red came in from the door and sat at the table next to the door
A man in a striped top and white pants, a girl in a green skirt and a boy in a white top and black pants are standing at the counter
There is a man in red clothes at the counter
The boy in a white shirt is sorting and looking at some papers placed on the counter
The boy in the white shirt opened the package and put half of it in and then took it out
The boy put his hands on the counter and looked to the side
The man in red holds a notebook and keeps flipping it
The man in red took the thing from the little girl and put it under the counter
The man in the striped shirt turned the book over, flipped through it, and talked to the man in red
The man in red closed the book and pulled it over
The man in the striped shirt looked around, the little girl was playing with a string
The man in red walked into the room holding the two notebooks opposite the man in striped shirt.
A little girl in a black top walked next to the little girl in a green skirt, took a look inside the counter, and then ran to the man in a striped top.
The girl in black top stands next to the counter
The boy in white is standing on the right
Both of them put their arms on the counter and looked into the room
The man in the striped shirt turned to talk to the girl in the green skirt
A man in a green plaid shirt and black pants passed by the door
There are two rows of motorcycles parked on the ground, and there are several men sitting on the motorcycles on the right
A man in white clothes and white trousers walked to the motorcycle at the end and put his arm around the man in black sitting on the motorcycle.
A man in yellow clothes and carrying a black backpack walked between the motorcycles parked on both sides.
A man wearing a plaid shirt and light blue jeans crossed two rows of motorcycles
The man in white put down his arm, walked to the other side of the man in black who was sitting on the motorcycle and stood there, talking to the man on the motorcycle
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants crossed two rows of motorcycles
A woman dressed all in black, with her head wrapped in a black scarf, walked between two rows of parked motorcycles.
A man wearing a dark purple shirt and a red hat crossed two rows of motorcycles and sat on the table next to him
A man in a green shirt and light blue jeans passed by a row of motorcycles on the far right
A man in a white gown stood behind the counter packing bread, and then folded a piece of paper into a box
A man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans stood outside the counter with one hand on the counter
The man in white bent over and put something into the folded box from under the counter.
A little boy in blue clothes walked behind the counter, passed by the man in white, walked to the far table and started to wipe the table
The little boy in blue keeps putting things into the cabinet above the table
The little boy in blue starts to wipe the table
The man in white took the box and walked to the table at the back
The man in white puts the box on the counter
The man in white folded the lid of the box down to cover it, and then kept adjusting the box
The man in blue turned and walked to the door, and after a while he walked back to the counter
A white jeep, a gray car and a champagne-colored car passed the intersection
A white van parked on the roadside
A group of electric vehicles slowly passing through the intersection
A dark green tuk-tuk drove into the middle of the road
The dark green tuk-tuk stopped in the middle of the road, waiting for the car on the opposite road to pass by
A red bus slowly passed the intersection, followed by a white train and many electric cars
A white bus and a red bus slowly drive opposite each other
Two white trucks passed the intersection slowly, and a motorcycle passed quickly
A red bus slowly passed the intersection, followed by a red truck, a black car, and a group of electric vehicles
A dark green tuk-tuk drove towards the opposite side of the road
A white van, an electric car and a black tuk-tuk drove through the intersection
A white bus passed the intersection, followed by a white van and a black tuk-tuk.
A black car and many electric vehicles passed the intersection
A blue car, a silver car, and a red tricycle passed the intersection quickly
A group of electric cars and motorcycles and a yellow pickup truck passed the intersection quickly
A white truck and a white jeep drive toward each other quickly
Many electric cars and a silver car passed quickly
A dark green tuk-tuk stopped at the intersection
A yellow truck, a white SUV, many electric vehicles and two dark green tuk-tuks passed quickly
A dark green truck, a purple car and many motorcycles passed by
Two white cars, a white truck and many motorcycles passed quickly
A white car and a black car passed quickly
Two white cars passed slowly in the opposite lane
A red bus and several motorcycles passed the intersection quickly.
A white car, a white bus and a yellow truck drove past each other
A man in brown and red clothes, a woman in white clothes and a man in black suit stand next to the security inspection machine
The man in black suit puts a black bag next to the security inspection machine
The man in black suit took two gray baskets from the table next to him and put them on the conveyor belt
The woman in white puts a black handbag into a basket on the conveyor belt
The man in brown and red clothes puts things in the pocket of his pants
The man in brown and red clothes put down the suitcase lever on the conveyor belt, pulled the suitcase and took a few steps forward
The woman in white followed closely with the basket
The man in the black suit took off his coat and put it in a basket, then took a few steps forward with the bag and two baskets.
A man in a gray shirt and a man in a white top and blue jeans walk to the conveyor belt
The man in the gray shirt took out a few things from his pocket and put them in the basket, then put the black schoolbag he was carrying on the conveyor belt
The people in line took a few steps forward together
The man in the gray shirt took two frames from the table and put them on the conveyor belt. He took the two frames and the black schoolbag and took a few steps forward.
The man in the white shirt took a frame from the table and put it on the conveyor belt. He bent down and picked up the shoes from the ground and put them in the frame.
The man in the white shirt took out the laptop and put it in another box, then pulled the suitcase and the two boxes forward.
A man in blue clothes opens the glass door
Three men in blue shirts pushed a flatbed truck filled with goods out of the door, and then the door was closed.
A man in a plaid shirt took a basket from the table and put it on the conveyor belt, and put an object in the basket
A man in black took something out of a black schoolbag and put it in the box on the conveyor belt.
Pushing a blue bag, black bag and basket, walked a few steps forward and then pulled up the black bag
The man in black and the woman in white talk
The man in black took a basket and put it on the conveyor belt, bent down to pick up the shoes and put them in
A woman in white short sleeves took out a basket from the table and put it on the conveyor belt. While talking to the man in black, she put her handbag and shoes into the box.
A man in a blue shirt puts a black handbag on the conveyor belt
The man took a basket from the table and put the things on his hands into the basket
The man took out some things and shoes from his pocket and put them in the box
The man pushes the box and bag forward
A man in green holding a cane puts the cane on the conveyor belt
The man in green puts the paper in his pocket
The man in green picked up the crutch from the conveyor belt and folded it in half
There are many people lining up in the aisle surrounded by black ropes and walking forward slowly
A woman in pink clothes carrying a black bag and a woman in green clothes turned a corner and continued walking forward
A man in a white shirt and a man in a black coat turned and walked forward side by side.
A woman with a white top and a black backpack follows behind
A woman in a blue top, a woman in black carrying a bag, and a man in black holding a bag lined up and turned the corner and walked forward slowly
A man in a white shirt carrying a yellow bag walked to the corner and stood looking back
The man is followed by a man wearing a yellow suit and pulling a trolley case
A man in a white shirt and black pants pulled two boxes to the security machine and put the boxes down.
A man in a red shirt pulled a suitcase to the security inspection machine
The man put the two boxes he was carrying on the conveyor belt
The man in the red shirt pulled the black rope and blocked the road behind him
The man in the red shirt puts the suitcase on the ground on the conveyor belt
A woman in a black top walked by
A man in a white shirt and black pants pulled a black suitcase from the aisle to the conveyor belt
The man in the red shirt keeps putting the suitcases on the ground on the conveyor belt
The man in white shirt and black pants left along the aisle
A man in a white shirt unzipped a black schoolbag on the conveyor belt and put things in
The man zipped up the zipper, took it out of his pocket, and then walked forward
A man in a black shirt pushed two black bags and several baskets forward and then took off his coat and placed it on the bag.
A man in white clothes pushed a black bag and basket forward, and then the conveyor belt moved back a little.
A man in a white shirt pushed a red bag and two baskets on the conveyor belt and walked forward
A man in a red shirt took two baskets from the table and put them on the conveyor belt
The man put a black notebook and a pair of shoes into two baskets respectively
Pick up the black bag and follow the conveyor belt forward
A man in gray clothes picked up a basket from the table and put it on the conveyor belt
The man opened the black bag, took out the laptop and the contents of his pocket and put them in the basket
A man in a blue shirt puts shoes, glasses and a book into a basket on a conveyor belt, and pushes the basket forward
A woman in a black top took an empty basket to the conveyor belt, put the bag and a piece of paper in, and pushed the basket forward.
A man in a white shirt puts his shoes in the basket on the table
The man picked up the basket and put it on the conveyor belt, and put a piece of paper in it
The man placed a dark green suitcase on the conveyor belt, put his watch and the contents of his pocket in the basket, and pushed the suitcase and basket forward.
A man in blue clothes picked up the basket and put it on the conveyor belt. Then a man in brown clothes put the black bag and paper into the basket and followed the basket forward.
A man in blue clothes picked up an empty basket and put it on the conveyor belt, and put the slippers in
A woman in white picked up the empty basket and put it on the table next to the conveyor belt. She put a pink bag, a pair of white shoes and glasses into it.
The woman took the basket to the conveyor belt and pushed it forward
A man in blue clothes puts a brown suitcase on the conveyor belt
A man in a white shirt and black pants put a pair of black shoes in the basket and pushed the bag and basket forward.
A man in a yellow shirt passed by the conveyor belt carrying a white bag
A man in a brown shirt and black pants placed two black bags on the table next to the conveyor belt
The man picked up the empty basket and put it on the conveyor belt, and put a pair of shoes and the coat he took off into the basket
The man took out the computer from the black bag and put it in the basket, pushing the bag and basket forward.
A woman in a white top carried a black bag and walked to the table without picking up the empty basket and left.
A woman in a white top walked to the conveyor belt, picked up 2 baskets and put them on the table.
A man in a brown shirt and carrying a black bag walked to the table with the basket and stood there
A slightly fat man wearing a blue baseball cap and glasses, a black top, blue jeans and black shoes is walking back and forth in the warehouse
A man wearing a red baseball uniform and blue jeans walks towards a car with boxes.
The man controls the car to move to the shelf
Man operating a forklift to raise the fork
A man wearing blue short-sleeved khaki pants, holding a white object and a white tag hanging around his neck came from outside the house.
Man controls the car and there is a white sofa in the house
There are many photos hanging on the wall
A black car drove straight through the intersection
A silver-white car turned left at the intersection and drove slowly into the street.
A man wearing a helmet and white short-sleeved black pants drove a yellow electric car through the intersection and turned right to leave
A white van is coming in the opposite direction.
An electric vehicle and two cars passed the intersection
A white car drives straight to the right and crosses the intersection
A white van went straight to the left and passed the intersection
A man wearing white long sleeves passed by, and then a white car drove from the left and turned right into the intersection
A woman wearing a blue top noticed the car and left
Three fat foreign women wearing black coats were talking to two women wearing black suits at the front desk of the lobby
A man wearing a khaki shirt and a woman with a headscarf on her head are talking in the lobby
A woman wearing a black suit handed the thing in her hand to the man.
The man took the things and left with the woman wearing a headscarf
There are white cars and red cars parked on the side of the road.
A white car, a silver car, and a motorcycle passed by one after another.
A woman wearing a white top, black pants and a green bag is walking on the road
A red car passed by the woman.
Three children wearing orange tops, blue tops, and white tops were talking on the roadside.
There are many cars parked on the side of the road, and there are two-story buildings on the side of the road.
Many cars, electric vehicles and pedestrians passed by
The child wearing white short-sleeved clothes left the other two children with white clothes in hand
The kid in white short sleeves comes back with another boy
Four boys were about to cross the road and were separated by an approaching car.
A car with a red roof stopped at the intersection
A slightly fat woman got out of the car. She was holding something in her left hand and in her right hand, she picked up a little girl wearing a pink top from the car.
A woman wearing a blue top and black pants and a little girl wearing a white short-sleeved black skirt
The two walked hand in hand into the road
The red top car drives away
A woman wearing a black top and jeans holding a blue bag in her left hand leads a little girl wearing pink clothes across the road.
After passing the road, the woman let go of the little girl's hand, and the girl took a few steps forward and sat on the stone.
A fat man wearing black-rimmed glasses and a black top stands still.
Behind the man stood a man wearing glasses and wearing a red shirt and khaki pants with his hands crossed on his chest.
The man in the black shirt turned back to talk to the man in the red shirt and then went upstairs to leave.
The man in the red shirt pushed his eyes upward and stuck them on his forehead, then scratched his head and looked up
The man in the red shirt looked up and raised his right hand, then took his right hand back and inserted it into his pants pocket, turned around and opened the door to leave the house.
At a turning intersection, many cars, electric vehicles, motorcycles, and pedestrians passed by, and three yellow-roofed tricycles were parked on the roadside.
A man in a white shirt passed by on a black motorcycle
A white car and many electric vehicles passed by
A tricycle with a green body and a yellow roof drove through the street
The tricycle is followed by a silver car
There were two pedestrians wearing blue clothes walking by.
A red truck turned right into the street, followed by two electric vehicles
There are several pedestrians walking on the roadside
A blue electric car and a red electric car passed by, followed by a red car and a white car
There are many pedestrians walking next to it
There are several chairs with beige backrests in a room
Through the mirror in the room, you can see a fat man wearing a black top and black pants slowly leaving
A man wearing a gray and white plaid shirt reached out and turned off the three lights in the room.
A man wearing a plaid shirt and black pants walked to the door to talk to others and then left the house
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants holding a paper in his left hand walked to the door, turned on the light and left the house
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants entered the room and then turned around and left
In the mirror of the house, you can see a man wearing a black shirt and blue pants looking at his mobile phone passing by
In a busy street, a man wearing white short-sleeved black pants took photos of two men and one woman and showed them the photos
A man wearing white short-sleeves and holding a camera in his right hand walks from the right
A man in white short-sleeves holding a camera turned away from the others and walked to the roadside to continue filming
Another white short-sleeved man stepped back and took pictures of a man and two women again.
The man holding the camera leaves the crowd
Another white short-sleeved man finished taking pictures and returned his phone to the two men and one woman.
A woman wearing a black top viewed the photos taken and had a conversation with the three people.
Two men and two women gathered in the street to talk, and then one of the men wearing a pink shirt and white pants left
A clerk wearing a gray hat and a white shirt handed out the money
The clerk takes the money back
The clerk hands the money to the customer'
The clerk holds the money handed by the customer
Customers will get their money back
In a work workshop, many workers are working
A woman wearing a gray top took out the tissues from the box and put them on the table
A woman wearing a white top picked up a yellow bag after talking to others
A man wearing a black hat and black short-sleeved jeans put the tissue under the box, pulled out the tissue, tore it in half, and put one half on the table.
There are many workers working in a workshop
There are several tables in the workshop with various items placed on them.
A man wearing an orange vest moved the box to the table and then left
Others continue to work in the workshop.
A man wearing a black coat puts his left hand in his pocket and his right hand keeps sliding his mobile phone on the table
Another man wearing glasses and a black coat has been looking at the man's mobile phone.
The man wearing a black coat in front of the table clicked the phone screen a few times, and then talked to the man wearing glasses and a black coat opposite
The two of them looked at the person wearing a red coat in the corner
The man in the red coat in the corner reached out and took away the black items on the table
The man wearing glasses turned his head back and then turned to look at the man in the red coat and turned his head back
In the supermarket, a man wearing a black coat and blue jeans walked towards the counter
A man wearing glasses and a black coat turned around, took a pack of cigarettes, handed them over, took back the money and put it in the drawer
In the supermarket, a man wearing a black coat and blue jeans stood in front of the counter, playing with things on the table in his hands
The man at the counter handed the money to the man, and the man left
A man wearing a hooded black jacket stood in front of the counter and handed a black mobile phone to the man wearing a black jacket opposite.
The man in front of the counter took out a white mobile phone from his coat pocket and played with it
The man opposite handed back the black mobile phone
The man in front of the counter slides the screens of two mobile phones on the table
A man wearing glasses and a black leather coat leaned his elbow on the table, turned to look at the man in a red coat in the corner and then turned his head back.
At the supermarket counter, a man wearing a leather jacket turned to look at the man in the corner
A man wearing a black hooded jacket in front of the counter also raised his head and then lowered his head and continued to slide the mobile phone screen on the table.
A man wearing a black hooded jacket is sliding two mobile phones on the table
The man wearing glasses in black opposite looked at the two mobile phones on the table.
A man wearing a black hooded jacket is sliding two mobile phones on the table
The man in black opposite is looking at his phone
Later I turned around and looked at the man in red in the corner
At the supermarket counter, a man wearing a black hooded sweatshirt is operating two mobile phones on the table.
A man wearing glasses opposite leaned his hand on the table and looked at the mobile phone on the table
A man in black is sliding the screen of a white mobile phone on the table, and there is a black mobile phone next to it.
The man picked up the white mobile phone to answer the call, and then leaned his elbow on the table
A man in a red coat and blue jeans in the corner got up and walked out of the corner after receiving a phone call.
In the supermarket, two men in black coats inside and outside the counter were looking at the mobile phones on the table and kept talking.
A man wearing a black vest, green sweatshirt and blue jeans walked from the shelf to the counter and looked at the black mobile phone on the table with two men in black clothes.
A man wearing a red vest and blue jeans walked from the shelf and sat in the corner while talking on the phone
The man wearing black leather clothes next to him turned to look at him
In front of the supermarket counter, a man wearing a black hooded jacket leaned his elbows on the table and slid two mobile phones back and forth with his hands.
A man wearing a black vest and a green sweatshirt is standing on the right
There is a man wearing glasses and a black coat opposite
A man wearing a green sweatshirt, a man wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, and a man wearing glasses gathered around the supermarket counter and looked at two mobile phones on the table.
The man wearing a green sweatshirt and hat looked up at the man in red in the corner
Another man wearing a black hooded jacket has been operating the mobile phone on the table.
A man wearing a black vest and a green sweatshirt walked from the right side of another man to the left and looked at the man wearing a red vest in the corner.
A man wearing glasses and a black leather jacket stood behind the supermarket counter, holding his chin with his hand, looking at the person wearing a red vest next to him, and then looking at the man in a black jacket who was sliding his phone screen in front of the counter.
During this period, the man kept turning his head back and forth to check on the two of them.
A man wearing a black vest, green sweatshirt, blue jeans and black shoes left the supermarket counter and walked to the shelves to stop
In front of the supermarket counter, a man wearing a black hooded jacket handed the black mobile phone on the table to the man wearing glasses behind the counter, and then put the white mobile phone on the table into his pocket Li turned and left the counter.
The man wearing a black coat and black pants and the man wearing a black vest and blue jeans talked in front of the shelf, and then the two returned to the counter.
The man wearing glasses slides the screen of the black mobile phone behind the counter.
Two men were talking in front of the counter, and then the man in black hooded clothes turned around and left and then returned to the counter.
The man in the green sweatshirt walked from the right side of the counter to the left with his hands behind his back.
The man wearing a black vest and green sweatshirt left the counter and walked to the shelf
The man next to him in a black coat walked back and forth in front of the counter.
The man wearing glasses handed the black mobile phone to the man in the black hooded jacket, and the man holding the mobile phone spoke into the mobile phone
The man in the black hooded jacket returned the phone to the man wearing glasses, turned and left
The man wearing glasses is talking on the phone with a black mobile phone
The man wearing a black hooded jacket walked back and forth and stopped in front of the counter.
The man wearing glasses was talking on the phone, and then took out a pack of cigarettes from his clothes
The man opposite took out a cigarette and held it in his mouth
The man wearing glasses also smokes a cigarette
The man opposite stretched out a lighter and lit the cigarette of the man wearing glasses.
The auditorium on the thirteenth floor was full of spectators. Some stood up and applauded, some cheered, some raised their hands and waved, and some were shirtless. Everyone was cheering for Excited to watch the game.
A silver-white car and a black car were parked on the side of the road, and then two white trucks passed by on the road.
There are cars and trucks passing by on the road.
Two silver-haired women passed by.
A woman wearing a red coat and blue jeans and a man wearing a black hat, black clothes and a red backpack walked over hand in hand. The man also held a camera in his left hand .
A woman wearing a white cotton coat and white trousers and a man wearing black clothes, blue jeans and holding a white plastic bag in his left hand walked by. At the same time, a man wearing a black cotton coat and black trousers walked by. The man walked past a woman wearing a black cotton coat and white trousers, holding her arms.
A man wearing a black hat and a blue jacket and khaki pants came over. The man adjusted his collar with his hands, then adjusted his glasses and left the camera.
A woman with a yellow perm, wearing a gray coat and black pants, holding a yellow dog, walked from a distance. Then the woman stopped and looked back, then continued to walk away. lens.
A man wearing a black coat and black trousers and a woman wearing a white cotton coat, white trousers, a yellow scarf and a white folder in her hand came from a distance, and they were talking while walking. .
Two men wearing black shirts and black pants got out of a white car on the side of the road. The fat man adjusted his pants, and then the two entered the house in front of the car.
A man wearing a black coat and black pants came from a distance, held his forehead with his hand, and then continued to move forward.
A man wearing a military green jacket and blue jeans is taking photos of a man wearing a khaki hat, gray shirt, khaki pants and leaning on a pillar. At the same time, a man wearing a blue A man in a blue shirt and blue trousers passed by them.
A man wearing a khaki hat, black-rimmed glasses, a gray shirt and khaki pants walked past the camera.
A man wearing yellow short-sleeved khaki pants and carrying a red backpack is walking while looking at his mobile phone.
A slightly fat woman wearing black sunglasses, a white top, red pants and a black bag and a woman wearing black sunglasses, a denim vest, black inner khaki pants from a distance As he walked over, the woman on the left held her glasses with her hand, and then put her hand down. The two kept talking.
A man wearing yellow short-sleeved blue jeans and carrying a brown crossbody bag came from a distance with mineral water in his right hand. The man scratched his ear with his left hand and continued walking.
A man wearing a pink shirt, blue jeans, black shoes and a black crossbody bag is walking on the street.
A fat red-haired woman wearing a white coat, light blue pants and black shoes came from a distance, carrying a black bag in her left hand and a black bag on her left shoulder.
On the roadside, a white-haired man wearing a black hat and a blue shirt was eating and talking to a man in a white shirt. At the same time, a man in white and a man in blue Coming from afar on a skateboard.
A bird's-eye view, there are woods, houses, rivers, and boats. There is a red mark and a green mark. The two marks are connected by a red line, and there is a red line and a green line. .
A little boy wearing blue short-sleeves and a little boy wearing white short-sleeves and carrying a black backpack skated away on the street. At the same time, a man and a woman came from the opposite side. There were two old men sitting on the roadside eating.
A man wearing white short-sleeved black pants and a white tag came out of the house holding two water pipes and a piece of paper. Then the man opened the door of the black car parked on the roadside and spoke with his mouth Holding the paper in his mouth and placing the water pipe in the car, he closed the door and walked to the back of the car.
A thin man wearing blue short-sleeved black pants came from a distance with something in his hands.
In a room, there is a corridor with boxes and several tables with many things placed on the tables. A man in a gray shirt sat at the table, and behind him was another person working on a computer.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walked past the two of them and turned off the lights in the room.
The picture is black and white, a man is walking back and forth in the room, and a man and a woman are sitting at the table.
A man in white short-sleeves sat on a chair, and a woman in a blue top walked to the table with a yellow cup and a white bag and put the cup on On the table, a man wearing white short-sleeved black pants stood in the next room.
A woman wearing blue long-sleeved dark blue pants and black shoes puts the white bag in her hand on the table and leaves
In a room with the yellow light on, a man wearing white short-sleeves opened the door and came in. There was also a man wearing white short-sleeves sitting in the room.
A man wearing white short-sleeved black pants walked from the door to the table and sat down.
A man wearing white short-sleeved black pants lifted a box from the table and put it into the machine on another table and secured the black items.
The man wearing white short-sleeves took a black object from under one table to another, moved a chair from one table to another, and then sat down to play with the black object.
In front of the counter, a man in a blue shirt took the money from a woman in black, opened the drawer and put the money in, then tore off the paper slip on the machine and handed it to the woman in black The woman then left.
A man in a gray shirt walked to the counter with two bottles of beer. A man in a blue shirt picked up a bottle of beer and scanned the code. Then the man handed the money to the blue shirt. The man in blue handed the remaining money to the man, and then the man left.
A man in blue put the yellow chair aside, then manipulated the things in his hands and stood up.
There are many items placed on a counter, including black machines, black calculators, and white printers.
A man in fluorescent yellow walked to the counter with a wallet and took out a blue card from the wallet to hand it to the man in blue opposite. The man in blue pointed to the man. Machines around you.
A man wearing fluorescent yellow inserts the blue card in his hand into the machine in front of him and then puts the black-rimmed glasses on his chest to his eyes.
A man in fluorescent yellow pressed the black button on the machine at the counter, and there was a man in blue standing opposite.
The man in blue touched the screen of the white machine. Then the man tore off the two sheets and took a look at them. Then he handed the sheets to the man wearing a fluorescent yellow shirt opposite, and then the man left.
A man wearing a fluorescent yellow vest and a blue shirt walked to the counter and handed a purple card to the man in blue opposite. The man in blue took the card and pressed the screen of the machine next to him.
A man in blue handed a purple card to a man wearing a light blue shirt and a yellow vest in front of the counter.
A man in a blue shirt, yellow vest and glasses holds a purple card in his hand, and the man in blue opposite him presses the screen of the white machine.
The man in blue tore off the two sheets and handed them to the man in blue and yellow vest opposite. The man signed the sheets and left.
A man in blue pants and black shoes walked past the counter.
A man in blue clothes stood behind the counter and backed away with something.
A man wearing blue glasses walked to the counter and clicked on the white computer screen and then left.
A man wearing a gray shirt, fluorescent yellow vest, black pants, khaki shoes, walked up to the counter with something in hand, and handed it to the man opposite.
A man in blue put two poles on the table and stood behind the counter.
A man wearing black canvas shoes and green shorts walked past the counter.
A man in blue is playing with two poles in the corner, and a hand appears in the lower right corner of the screen.
There is a white machine, a black machine, a calculator on the supermarket counter, a man wearing blue clothes standing in the corner, and a man wearing white pants outside the supermarket passing by.
A woman wearing a white top and black pants holding a bag came out of the door. In front of her was a man in yellow clothes holding a child in green clothes.
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants entered the door together with a man wearing a gray shirt. A man wearing a red shirt and holding a black umbrella walked out of the door.
There are many people coming and going at the door of a building, and there are several electric vehicles parked on the road next to it.
A woman in blue, carrying a pink bag, holding a white bag and dragging her suitcase, stepped up the steps and entered the door. There were pedestrians coming and going next to her, and then a woman in yellow was pushing a baby. The car passed by the door.
A man wearing a helmet and a gray shirt and black pants rode an electric bicycle past the door, and many pedestrians entered the door at the same time.
A woman in white rode a bicycle past the gate, and then a man wearing white short-sleeved black pants and carrying a crossbody bag walked toward the door.
A person wearing pink short-sleeved black slippers sat on the seat and put one leg on the chair. Next to him lay a person wearing a blue top and black pants.
A group of people passed by on bicycles on the road, and then the camera turned and many orange bicycles appeared on the screen.
There were many cars passing by on the road. The camera kept turning and then stopped. There was a silver car and three black cars beside the road.
The camera keeps turning. There are many vehicles passing by on the road. There are many bicycles on the square in the middle, and there are two people resting on the seats next to them.
There is a woman sitting on the seat, and a person is lying on the seat next to her. Then the camera turns to the right, and a girl in a blue skirt walks to the orange bicycle. A couple wearing black clothes passed by.
A woman with long black hair and a blue skirt walked to the orange bicycle and pushed the bicycle away.
The camera moves from left to right. There are many cars and pedestrians crossing the road. There are two people resting in the square and several shared bicycles are placed next to them.
The camera moves from right to left. There are several shared bicycles parked in the square, and there are many people riding electric bicycles waiting for the red street light on the road in front.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants placed a black mobile phone on the table, and then picked up a tablet from the table.
There is a woman wearing a black coat and black pants sitting on a chair in the room, a man wearing a black top sitting on the left, and a man wearing a blue shirt sitting behind. There was a man standing in front.
There is a woman and three men sitting on a chair. In front of them stands a man wearing a blue top and black pants, and a man wearing a blue top and black pants holding a piece of paper. Come down the stairs and walk between them.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants stood in front of four people, flipping through books. Opposite there was a woman in black, two men in blue and a man in black sitting on chairs. He smiled and looked at the man in front of him.
The standing man in blue pointed at the phone on the table, then picked up a black object and showed it to the four people opposite, then put the object down and continued to speak to them.
A man in blue walked from the right to the left holding a book. A man in a black shirt on the opposite side pointed at him, and then the man in blue also pointed.
A man in black stood up from the chair, put the book in his hand on the chair, stood up and left, and then the man in blue opposite picked up the book on the chair.
The man in blue looked through the book in his hand, and then showed a character page to the two men and a woman in front of him.
The man in blue put the book on the yellow chair, then shook hands with another man, then the other man left, and then a man in a blue shirt left his seat.
A woman wearing a black top and black pants stood up from her seat with a white paper in her hand, walked to the table, took away the mineral water on the table, and left.
Four men left and walked up the stairs one after another, and then a man wearing a black shirt opened the door and came in.
A man wearing a black shirt and gray pants opened the door and entered the room, then turned right and walked straight.
In a hall, a woman wearing a blue top came down the stairs.
A man in a blue shirt and black pants walked to the hall and met a man in a black shirt.
In a hall, a man wearing a blue shirt and black pants and a man in black were talking, and then a man wearing a blue shirt and black pants appeared.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants stood in front of the table in the hall, lowering his head to sort things. There were two men in front of him talking face to face.
A man wearing a blue plaid shirt with a sign around his neck looked at the three men in the hall and then left.
A man in blue stood beside a yellow table with a lamp, sorting out information, and then lowered his head to look under the table. Two men opposite him had been chatting in the hall.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants and a man in black were chatting in the hall. Then the two turned to the left and continued chatting next to a potted plant. There was another one in the hall. The man is sorting information at the table.
In a hall, two men were standing next to a large potted plant talking. One man lowered his head, picked up something on the table, put it down, and then turned off the lighted lamp on the table.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black pants turned and left the table in the hall. Two men were standing next to a potted plant in the hall chatting.
A man in blue appeared and then left by the stairs. Two men in the hall were chatting. Then the man in blue turned around and left, and the man in black left by the stairs.
There are several potted plants and a table placed in a hall, and the grass outside can be seen through the window.
In a large supermarket, there are many people shopping, and the supermarket shelves are filled with various products.
A woman wearing a gray and red top pushed a shopping cart forward. A man in blue came forward to talk to her, and then the two separated.
A man in a blue shirt stands in the middle of a large supermarket giving directions to shoppers. There are various products on the supermarket shelves.
There are several potted plants placed in the center of a large supermarket. There are many people pushing shopping carts to buy things, and there are people checking out at the checkout counter.
There are two electric vehicles driving slowly through the middle of the road on the side of the road, and some pedestrians are walking on the outside of the road.
Electric vehicles are constantly entering the road from a door. There are many electric vehicles lined up at the door. Several people in blue shirts are checking people who enter the door.
There are many people entering the road from the small door on the left and walking along the outside of the road. Motorcycles and bicycles are constantly passing by on both sides of the road.
Two people are pushing bicycles on the left side of the road. There are many pedestrians and electric vehicles on both sides of the road.
There are many people pushing bicycles on the left side of the road, many people walking on the left side of the road, and many electric vehicles on the right side of the road.
There are many people walking on the road on the left, and there are many electric cars and two women walking on the road on the right.
There are many people and several electric vehicles passing by on the left side of the road, and many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A woman in a white top crossed the road from the outside on the right, walked to the middle, and walked forward along the middle partition
A woman in a white top bent over and tied the shoelaces of her two feet on the outside of the road on the left, and then continued walking forward
Several people walked along the outside of the road on the right, then crossed the road and walked forward on the road on the left
A man in a blue shirt ran along the outside of the road on the right to the window of the white house at the door, stood for a while, and then walked to the roadblock on the opposite side of the road.
A man in a blue shirt walked to the door, pulled open a white railing, and began to check the electric vehicles entering the door.
A man in a blue shirt rode a bicycle towards the door, and then stopped next to the railing
A woman carrying a red bag and a black top crossed the road from the outside of the right side of the road, walked through the partition to the left side of the road
A woman in a yellow top crossed the road from the outside of the right road, ran through the partition, and reached the outside of the left road
A woman in a black top came in from the door on the right, crossed the road, passed through the middle partition and walked to the road on the left
A man riding an electric bicycle and wearing a helmet parked the electric bicycle on the right side of the road, opened the back seat, took out something and gave it to the man in blue, and then rode away.
A woman in blue walked across the road and partition while talking on the phone, and walked to the road on the left
There are many people walking and several electric vehicles driving on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles driving on the right side of the road.
The man in blue walked to the bicycle parked next to the railing, and then rode to the road on the right
A man in white rides an electric scooter very fast on the left side of the road and avoids the walking people.
Two women in blue walked through the partition and walked to the left side of the road. One of them took off his helmet as he walked.
A man in a black shirt and carrying a red bag ran to the middle of the road, crossed the partition and walked to the left side of the road
There are many people walking and a few electric vehicles driving on the left side of the road, and there are only many electric vehicles driving on the right side of the road.
A woman in a pink top looked down at the things in her hands while walking, then raised the bag to look at it and put it down again
A woman in a black top came in from the door on the right and looked around, crossed the road, passed through the middle partition and walked to the road on the left
A woman in black and a woman in red walked arm in arm along the partition to the door. Some people on the left road also walked out of the door.
A woman wearing a red and white top ran to the left while talking on the phone, then walked through the partition and walked on the road on the left
On the right side of the road, there was an electric car going out the door, blocking the door, and then took a few steps back and stopped on the roadside.
There are two more electric vehicles on the right road heading out the door, blocking the roadside.
There are two electric vehicles on the right road driving towards the door very quickly and are blocked at the door. Several electric vehicles are parked in two lines.
Two men in black shirts came in from the door on the right, crossed the road, passed through the middle partition and walked to the road on the left
A man in a red shirt came in from the door on the right and ran across the road, passed through the middle partition and walked to the road on the left
A man in a black shirt and a woman in white walked along the right side of the road for a while, then walked through the middle partition to the left side of the road together
Two men in black shirts came in from the door on the right, crossed the road, passed through the middle partition and walked to the road on the left
There are electric vehicles constantly driving towards the door on the right side, and then they are blocked at the door and stop.
A man in blue straightened the fence in the middle of the road, and then stood next to the fence and looked out.
There are many people crossing the road, passing through the fence and walking to the left road. There are people walking on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
There are many electric vehicles blocked at the door. Electric vehicles are constantly passing by on the right side of the road. There are many people walking and pushing bicycles on the left side of the road.
There are many people crossing the road from the right, passing through the fence and walking to the road on the left. There are people walking and pushing bicycles on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A man wearing a hat and light green clothes crossed the road, walked through the fence and walked to the road on the left. The road on the left is empty, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right.
Many electric vehicles are blocked at the door, several electric vehicles are driving on the right side of the road, a row of people are crossing the road to the left, and two people are walking along the middle fence
A woman in brown clothes crossed the road, walked through the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are many people walking on the road on the left, and many electric vehicles passing by on the road on the right.
There are many people and several electric vehicles walking on the road on the left, many electric vehicles passing by on the road on the right, and many electric vehicles parked at the door
A woman in gray clothes walked to the middle of the road and was called over by a woman riding an electric bicycle parked at the door to stand and talk.
The woman in gray chatted with the woman riding an electric bike for a while, and then followed the crowd crossing the road to the left road
People kept crossing the road from the right, passing through the fence and walking to the road on the left. There are many people walking and a few people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A man in blue walked along the railing at the door to the roadside, bent down and put down something, then walked back to the door
People kept crossing the road from the right, passing through the fence and walking to the road on the left. There are many people walking and a few people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A group of electric vehicles blocked at the door slowly walked out. There were many people walking and a few people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there were many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
People kept crossing the road from the right, passing through the fence and walking to the road on the left. There are many people walking and a few people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A man in white walked along the left side of the fence against the crowd, then made a phone call and walked to the left side of the road to stand for a while, then walked back along the side, gesturing with his hands on his chest
People kept crossing the road from the right, passing through the fence and walking to the road on the left. There are many people walking on the road on the left, and many electric vehicles passing by on the road on the right.
A man in blue removed the fence in the middle of the road and opened an opening. He stood beside it and motioned for the electric vehicle on the right to go through the opening.
A woman in a red top and white headscarf crossed the road from the right, walked through the opening in the fence and walked to the road on the left.
There are many people walking on the road on the left, and many electric vehicles passing by on the road on the right.
A man in white on a bicycle and a group of pedestrians crossed the road from the right, passed through the fence and walked to the road on the left.
After crossing the fence, the man in white parked his bicycle next to the white house at the door, stood for a while, and then rode away again
Pedestrians are constantly crossing the road from the right, passing through the fence and walking to the road on the left. There are many people walking and a few people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road and at the fence entrance.
A woman in yellow walked along the road on the right for a while, then stopped on the side of the road, looking left and right
A man in blue rode an electric bike along the left side of the fence. After walking to the opening, he straightened the fence and blocked the opening.
Many pedestrians crossed the road from the right, passed through the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are many people walking and a few people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A man in yellow rode an electric scooter and approached the woman in yellow on the roadside. The woman in yellow put something in front of the scooter. The scooter drove away, and the woman in yellow walked to the opposite side of the road.
A man in a white shirt dragged a water pipe on the lawn by the roadside, and then stood and started watering
Many pedestrians crossed the road from the right, passed through the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are only a few people walking on the road on the left, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the road on the right.
There are many pedestrians walking on the road on the left, and many electric vehicles passing by on the road on the right.
Two pedestrians ran across the road from the right, crossed the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are a few pedestrians and people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A woman in white quickly crossed the road from the right, walked through the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are two people pushing carts on the left side of the road, and there are many electric cars passing by on the right side of the road.
There is no one on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
There are several pedestrians and people pushing bicycles on the left side of the road, and there are many electric vehicles passing by on the right side of the road.
A woman in yellow and a woman in white cross the road from the right, pass through the fence and walk to the road on the left.
A man in white has been walking along the road on the right, and looks back
A woman in white crossed the road from the right, walked through the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are electric vehicles driving on both sides of the road
A woman in red walked against the flow of traffic along the right side of the fence, then crossed the road and ran to the side of the road
Two pedestrians crossed the road from the right, crossed the fence and walked to the road on the left.
There are many electric vehicles driving on the right side of the road, and there are several pedestrians and several electric vehicles passing by on the left side of the road.
A man in a green shirt walked along the road on the right, then slowly walked through the opening to the left
A man in blue clothes opened a hole in the fence and gestured with his finger for the electric car to leave here.
The electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove from the opening of the fence to the left side, and there were several pedestrians walking on the left side of the road.
A pedestrian in pink clothes quickly ran across the road from the right, crossed the fence and walked to the road on the left
Part of the electric vehicles on the right road drove away from the right road, and part of them passed through the opening of the fence and walked to the left. The man in blue was standing next to the fence.
The man in blue sealed the opening of the fence, stood and looked around and then left
A woman in a khaki coat crossed the road from the right, walked through the fence and walked to the road on the left. There are many electric vehicles driving on the right side of the road, and several pedestrians are walking on the left side of the road.
There are many electric vehicles driving on the right side of the road, there are a few pedestrians passing by on the left side of the road, and no one comes in at the door.
A group of people in blue clothes dispersed from the door. A man in blue walked to the fence and took a look before walking back to the door.
A man in blue and black hat walked to the fence in the middle of the road, opened a hole in the fence, and signaled the electric car to pass through.
After being inspected by men in blue at the door, several electric vehicles drove away through the opening in the fence.
A woman in black ran out of the door along the road on the left, and several pedestrians were walking on the road on the left
Several electric cars walked along the road on the right to the door, and then went out after being inspected by the man in blue
A woman in black entered the door and quickly ran away along the road on the left
A man in a gray shirt is walking along the road on the left. There are several electric vehicles driving on the road on the right and passing through the middle fence.
A woman in white ran quickly along the road on the left
There are several electric vehicles driving on the road on the right, and then go through the middle fence to the left
There are constant electric vehicles at the door, and after being inspected by the men in blue, they drive away through the opening of the fence.
A woman in black walked through the fence from the left side of the road to the right side of the road, walked to the door, talked to the man in blue for a while, and then left
A woman in red walked in from the middle and passed through the opening of the fence
After being inspected by the man in blue at the door, an electric car drove away through the opening of the fence.
A woman in blue walked from the white house to the road on the left, walked along the fence for a while, stood there and looked at the door, and then continued walking
A man in blue walked along the middle of the right road to the window of the white house at the door. Several men in blue also gathered around the window and stood there.
A man in a blue shirt rode an electric scooter from the right side of the road, passed through the railing in the middle of the road, turned around, and left from the left side of the road.
Two men in blue left the white house and walked along the road on the left
A woman in red, two men in blue and a woman in yellow walked along the road on the left, and a man in yellow rode an electric bicycle from the road on the right through the railing and walked to the left
The woman in yellow walked to the door and stood next to the room for a while, moving around from time to time.
A man in red clothes rode an electric car quickly to the door. After checking, he quickly passed by the road on the left
A man in blue stood next to the white house at the door, leaning his upper body in and then coming out and continuing to stand. The white railing door slowly closed.
The man in blue moved the railing at the door, and then walked back to the white house
The woman in yellow left along the road on the left at the signal of the man in blue.
A man in blue came out of the white house, swept the surrounding area with a broom and then walked back into the house
A woman in white walked along the left road to the door, gave something to the person outside the door through the railing, and returned
The man in blue came out of the white house and walked to the door. The white door opened a little, and a group of people standing outside the door came in and walked along the road on the left
A man in blue and a woman in white stood by the window of the white house, talking to the people inside
The man in blue walked into the white house, and the woman in white left along the road on the left
A man in white rode a bicycle along the road on the left, then stopped and walked to the side of the white house. The crowd outside gradually gathered at the door.
A man in blue clothes walked into the white house along the road on the left
A man in red clothes ran along the road on the left after entering the door
A group of people came in from the door and surrounded the white house
A man in blue walked along the left road to the door of the white house and stood by the window with a group of people
A man in a black shirt rode an electric bike from the door and left along the left road
A man in dark blue clothes and a man in light blue clothes are walking opposite each other on the left side of the road
A man in a white shirt riding an electric bike twice passed through the railing in the middle of the road from the left side, turned around, and left from the right side of the road.
A man in a white shirt and black pants walked quickly along the left road to the white house, and then stood in the crowd
A man in a white shirt and black pants ran inward from the white house along the left road.
A man in a blue shirt and a black hat moved the guardrail in the middle of the road and sealed the opening.
Half of the group of people surrounding the white house walked to the guardrail on the other side of the road
A man in a blue shirt passed through the guardrail in the middle of the road and walked from the right side of the road
A woman in a blue top walks in from the door along the left road
A woman in a purple top walks from the grass to the road and talks to a man in a white top
The woman in purple top walked from the left side of the road while arranging her hair, and the man in white walked back to the door
A man in a blue shirt walked out of the white house and walked to the window to stand
A man in a dark blue shirt and white pants walked along the left road to the window of the white house, holding his arm on the window frame and facing into the window
A group of people walked from the door to the window, and a man in blue walked into the white house from the window
A group of people walked from the window to the other side of the road, and several men sat on the steps by the roadside.
A man in blue walked along the left road from the window
Several men walked from the window to the other side of the road. Standing on the roadside, a man in white squatted down
A woman in blue walked from the right side of the road to the window, stopped for a while, and then walked back. A man in blue walked to the side of the road and sat on the roadside platform.
Several men walked out of the door from the right side of the road
A man in blue walked to the door from the white house and stood next to the window
A man in black walked to the right side of the road and squatted next to the lawn. A man in white stood up and walked around.
The man in blue leaned in from the window and took something, then walked back to the white house
A man in a white shirt walked to the edge of the lawn and sat down
A man in a blue shirt and black hat walked from the road on the left to the white house
A man in gray and a man in yellow left on bicycles from the left road
People keep walking from outside the door to the right side of the road, and then stand and look towards the door
A man in blue walked a few steps from the road on the left and returned to the window
Two men in blue walked along the road on the left
A man in blue walked toward the door from the right side of the road, and another man in blue walked from the left side of the road through the guardrail and said a few words to him before returning to the left side of the road.
The man in blue walked through the guardrail and walked into the white house
A woman in red carried something and walked along the left road from the window
A man in blue walked along the road on the left,
A man in yellow rode a bicycle, stopped at the door for a while, and then rode away from the left
Several men walked from the middle of the road and squatted next to the white house
A man in white walked from the window to the roadside and left on the left on a bicycle
A group of people on the right side of the road and next to the white house all left along the road
A man in blue came out of the white house, stood at the door, and then opened the door
A man in white pushed a car into the door, stopped and stood for a while, and then rode away.
A man in blue walked along the road on the right and stood next to the window
A man in white walked along the road on the left to the window and stood for a while
A man in blue walked to another window and stood two steps back.
After the man in blue stood for a while, he walked to the door and looked for a while, then came back and stood.
There is a row of trees on the left side of a square. People are sitting under the trees and surrounding them. On the central road, there are many women and men in different clothes walking from below to above. From time to time, people are walking Go sit next to the tree on the left. Someone gets up and leaves. There is a row of green belts on the right.
There is a row of trees on the left side of the square in the picture. People are sitting under the trees and surrounding them. On the central road, there are many women and men in different clothes walking from below to above. People under the trees Most people have left, and there is a row of green belts on the right
Four women walked in from below, three of them helped each other and walked to the top. A woman under the tree on the left stood up and walked to the top.
A woman in a red top and white pants walked from the bottom and walked to the top. A woman in a dark blue top and a man in a white plaid shirt walked in one after another.
Three women wearing pink, green and blue tops under the tree on the left stood up and walked to the top. A woman in red rode a bicycle on the lower left and left on the lower right.
A woman in a white top walks into the lower right holding a yellow bag and two women in black tops walk to the top one after another. Below, a woman in black clothes and black pants and a woman in a gray top. They walked up together, and a woman wearing red jeans entered from below.
A woman with a yellow hat and a red top and a woman with a light blue top and black pants walked in below. The two walked up with red bags in their hands.
A man in white above is riding an electric bike, turns to the right and leaves.
A woman in white and a woman in a blue top and red pants enter and walk to the top
A woman in a white top and jeans holding a red bag walked below, and several women and men walked up one after another.
A man in white on the left rode a bicycle carrying a woman in a red shirt to the right.
A man in blue on the right rides an electric car and a man in white drives by.
A man in a light blue shirt on the left rides a red electric scooter to the right.
Below, a woman in a black top and black pants holding a pink bag ran towards the top.
A woman in a black coat, white top and red pants above walked from above to the right and left.
A security guard in a blue shirt on the left rode a black electric car and drove to the right and left.
A man in a white shirt and gray pants on the right walked in and walked to the upper left.
A security guard in blue on the left rode an electric car and drove another security guard to the right and left. The last two security guards rode an electric car and drove past.
A security guard in a blue shirt enters on a red electric car on the lower left and leaves on the lower right
Under the green belt on the right, a woman wearing a straw hat, red top and red pants took a basket and walked to the tree above and left.
A woman in a gray jacket and red pants ran in from the bottom, ran to the green belt on the right, changed to walking, walked to the top and left
A man in a light blue shirt and gray pants came under the tree above, turned to the right and left
A man in a gray shirt above rode a bicycle with a woman in a red shirt and drove to the lower left and left.
A man in white carrying tools and holding tools walks in on the right and leaves on the left
A woman wearing a straw hat, red top and red pants above walked with a basket and disappeared under the green belt on the right.
A man in a brown shirt and brown pants walks in from the lower right.
The man in the brown shirt walked halfway to the green belt and turned back, walked to the lower right and left
The man in the brown shirt on the lower right enters again and walks to the top, and the woman in the red shirt and red pants on the right carries a basket and walks to the left
Two security guards in blue shirts rode an electric car in on the right and left on the left
A man in a light blue shirt on the lower right rides a bicycle through the tree on the left and disappears above
A security guard in a blue shirt on the lower right rides a black electric car and disappears on the left
A woman in a white top and jeans holding a black plastic bag walked in and left at the top. Three women in a pink top, gray top, and black top gathered below.
At the front door of a bus, a woman wearing a dark green vest and jeans got on the bus. The woman had a black bag on her left arm. She touched it with her right hand after getting on the bus. Get off the driver
The woman wearing a dark green vest got on the bus and sat down on the right side of the second row. There were two seats in each row on the left side of the bus and three seats in each row on the right side. The woman sat on the right side. on the middle seat
The woman in a dark green vest sat down and lowered her head to organize her things.
In the seat by the window on the right, a man wearing blue half-sleeves is arranging his headphones
In the third row on the left side of the bus, a little girl in white clothes walked to the right and sat next to a man in the third row on the right
The man wearing blue short-sleeves in the first row on the right continues to arrange the wired headphones in his hands and brings them to his ears
In the first row on the left near the aisle is a woman wearing a light blue half-sleeve. The woman is wearing a black hat. The woman lowers her head to check something, and then she uses her hands to tidy herself up. shoes
The little girl in white clothes walked from the seat on the right to the left. A woman in a white top in the third row on the left supported her with her hands, and then the little girl walked back to the right
The woman on the left wearing light blue half-sleeves and a black hat looks out the window,
The man in blue short-sleeves in the first row on the right is playing with his mobile phone with his head down.
The woman in a white top in the third row from the left sat from the window seat to the aisle seat
The woman wearing a white top in the third row from the left turns her head to talk to others from time to time
The woman wearing a white top in the third row from the left stood up and walked to the seat on the right to check something.
The man in white clothes in the third row on the left stood up and looked at the back seat. After that, the man kept organizing things in his hands.
A man in a white vest and hat stood up in the fifth row on the left and sat in the seat in the sixth row on the right
The woman wearing a white top in the third row on the left sat on the fourth row on the right holding a white bag and a yellow bag.
The man wearing a white vest in the sixth row on the right sat in the third row on the left
The man wearing a white vest in the third row from the left began to beat his legs with his hands.
The woman in the first row on the left wearing a light blue top bends down to check what is in front of her
The man wearing a white vest in the third row on the left opened the window next to him. Then the man went sideways to organize his things. Then the man took out his pants pocket.
The man wearing a white vest in the third row from the left lowered his head to check the things in his hands, then he turned sideways to organize the things, and then continued to lower his head
A man wearing a white hat in the fifth row on the left bent down to check the seat. There were pedestrians passing by outside the right window.
A man wearing a pink hat and yellow short-sleeves got on the bus. The man held a transparent plastic box in his hand. He looked around as he walked into the car, and then sat in the seventh row on the right. In the aisle seat
A man wearing a light gray half-sleeve and a hat got on the bus. The man was holding a pink striped plastic bag in his hand. He was followed by a woman wearing a green half-sleeve and a black backpack. The man placed the plastic bag in the first row of the aisle and turned around to leave. The woman sat in the first row on the right near the aisle. Then she picked up the pink striped plastic bag and put it in front of her seat.
The woman wearing cyan half-sleeves in the first row on the right sat down and adjusted her seat and clothes. Then the woman took out a comb from a black bag and started combing her hair.
The man in yellow half-sleeves stood up and took a few steps forward. Then a man wearing dark blue half-sleeves and carrying a black backpack got on the bus. The man sat on the right. The man in yellow half-sleeves had just arrived. After sitting in the same seat, the man in yellow half-sleeves got off the car from the back door.
The woman wearing turquoise half-sleeves in the first row on the left took out two white tissues from her bag, and then continued to organize the black bag
A man wearing yellow half-sleeves and a black hat got into the car. The man held two bottles of water in his right hand and dragged a plastic box with his left hand. The man walked behind the car and took the water to the car. In front of the passengers, the man walked back and then walked back to the first row. He handed the water to the woman on the right. The woman shook her head and refused.
The man in yellow half-sleeves walked to the back door of the car and got out of the car. Then a man in white half-sleeves and a black backpack got into the car. The man was talking on the phone in his right hand and stopped in front of the car. After a few seconds, he turned around and left again.
The man in the first row on the right wearing blue half-sleeves took out his mobile phone from his bag and started checking it. Then the woman sitting next to him in green half-sleeves took out a tissue from her bag and wiped her nose. The man puts his cell phone back into his bag, and the woman puts the used tissue in front of her
The man wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right put his arms on the window and looked out the window. The woman wearing green half-sleeves next to him held her eyes with her hands and yawned.
The person in the second row on the right scratched his head with his hand, and then the woman with green half-sleeves touched her head with her hand.
The man wearing a baseball cap in the third row on the left held the seat with his hand, and then the people in the car sat quietly.
A man wearing beige short-sleeves and a black bag slung across his body got on the bus and sat in the second row on the right. He was followed by a man wearing white half-sleeves and black glasses. The man got on the bus and looked. After taking a look, we got off the car again.
The man in beige half-sleeves stood up from his seat, holding on to the railing on the roof and looking towards the luggage rack
The man in beige half-sleeves took out something in the black luggage rack with his hands, then he took out an object from the luggage rack and sat back in his seat
Three people in the left back seat stood up and walked back.
A man wearing red and white half-sleeves walked into the front of the bus. The man wore a black hat and carried a cyan box in his right hand. Then the man placed the box next to the middle aisle and sat down. In the third row seat on the right
A man wearing yellow half-sleeves got on the car. The man walked towards the back of the car holding two bottles of mineral water in his right hand.
A man in a black vest got on the bus, with a blue dress hanging on his back. Then a man in black long sleeves and a white hat got on the bus, and two men Sit in the back row on the right
The man in yellow half-sleeves stood behind the vehicle, holding two bottles of water in his hand and asking the people sitting around. The two men who had just got on the bus took the water from the man in yellow half-sleeves, and then The man in yellow half-sleeves took something out of his pocket and gave it to the man on the seat
The man in yellow half-sleeves got out of the car from the back door holding a red box.
The man in blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right put his mobile phone in his bag, then looked up and then zipped up the black bag and put his arm on the window
Cars passed by on both sides of the car window one after another. The man wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right opened the zipper of the bag and took a look, then closed the zipper.
The vehicle is moving, and the passengers on the vehicle are shaking their bodies left and right with the bus.
A woman wearing black half-sleeves got on the bus, and then the woman sat on the right side of the vehicle
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man in the second row on the right took out his mobile phone and started making a call. The woman in the first row on the left wearing a cyan half-sleeve was looking at her mobile phone.
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man in the second row on the right puts his arm on the back of the seat in front of him. There is a black watch on the man's wrist.
The man in the second row on the right stood up and walked forward, then got off the car.
The man wearing a hat sitting in the third row on the right stood up with a cyan suitcase and sat in the second row on the right. The cyan suitcase was placed on the middle aisle
A man wearing white half-sleeves got on the car. The man held a black box in his right hand and walked to the back door of the car.
The man in beige half-sleeves got in from the back door of the car, then the man in white half-sleeves got out of the back door, and the man in beige half-sleeves walked to the front of the vehicle and got off.
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
A man wearing white half-sleeves got on the bus from the back door. The man was carrying a big bag, and then the man sat on the seat on the right
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
A man in white short-sleeves got on the car, walked to the back of the vehicle, and stood in the middle aisle
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man in white clothes standing in the aisle walked to the front of the vehicle, bent down next to the second row of seats and picked up something. Then the man walked to the luggage rack above the first row of seats on the left , organize things on the luggage rack
The man in white half-sleeves turned around and walked to the rear door of the vehicle, leaning on the seat and standing
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right took out a red bottle from the side, unscrewed the bottle and took a sip of water, then put the bottle next to it
The man in blue half-sleeves took out his mobile phone from his bag and looked down at it. The woman in the first row on the left wearing light blue half-sleeves also looked down at her phone.
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man wearing white half-sleeves standing in the aisle turned around to communicate with the person on the seat next to him. The man was fiddling with something in his hand.
The man in white clothes took a few steps forward. He bent down and picked up something from the seat on the right
The man in white short-sleeves took a few steps forward, and then he communicated with a passenger sitting on the right seat. The man was holding a black object in his hand
The man in white short-sleeves looked at the black object in his hand, then he took out a piece of white paper from his hand and handed it to the person sitting on the right seat
The man in white half-sleeves stood in the middle aisle, looking at the black object in his hand
The man in white half-sleeves took a few steps forward, then he stood against the seat on the right side of the second row, holding a black object in his hand
The man in white half-sleeves put one hand on the back of the seat in the second row on the left, and then he took a piece of white paper from the black machine in his hand
The man in white short sleeves pressed his hand on the black machine in his hand, and then the man pulled out a white note from the object
The man in white short sleeves handed the note in his hand to the woman sitting in the second row on the right, who was sitting next to the window
The man in white short sleeves pressed the black machine in his hand, then took out a white note from the machine and handed the note to the person sitting in the second row on the right near the aisle position man
The man in white short-sleeves took a step forward, lowered his head and spoke to the woman sitting on the left side of the second row
The man in white short sleeves pressed the black machine in his hand, and then the man pulled out a white note from the machine, and then handed the note to the person sitting in the second row on the left woman
The man in white half-sleeves turned to look at the woman in the first row wearing cyan half-sleeves and spoke to the woman. Then the woman lowered her head to sort out the small black bag in front of her.
The man in white half-sleeves pulled out a white note from the black machine in his hand, and then handed the note to the woman in the first row on the right wearing cyan half-sleeves
The man in white half-sleeves stretched his hand in front of the man in blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right. The two looked at each other, and then the man in white half-sleeves lowered his head and pressed the black machine in his hand.
The man in white half-sleeves pulled out a white note from the machine in his hand, and then handed the note to the man in blue half-sleeves. Then the man in white half-sleeves took out a piece of white paper from the machine in his hand. The woman took a white note in her hand
The man in white half-sleeves reached out and touched the woman in blue half-sleeves sitting on the left side of the first row. The two looked at each other and said something. Then the man in white half-sleeves lowered his head to check the black in his hand. machine
The man in white half-sleeves pulled out a white note from the black machine in his hand, and then handed the note to the woman in blue half-sleeves sitting on the left in the first row
The man in white half-sleeves placed the black machine in his hand on the luggage rack on the upper left. The woman in blue half-sleeves on the left in the first row took the note and looked down, then put the note fold up
The man in white half-sleeves took the money from the woman sitting in the second row on the left, then he took the money from the man sitting in the first row on the right, and then handed the money back to Gave it to the woman in the second row on the left
The man in white half-sleeves lowers his head and counts the money in his hands
The man in white half-sleeves walked forward and left the car
The bus is driving. The passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving. Cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
A man in white half-sleeves came from the aisle. He leaned against the seat in the first row on the right. Then he took a piece of money from the woman in blue half-sleeves in the first row on the left. , organized in hand
The man in white short sleeves lowers his head to arrange the things in his hands
The man in white short sleeves handed what he was holding to the woman in blue half sleeves in the first row on the left
The man in white half-sleeves lowers his head to arrange the things in his hands
The man in white half-sleeves walked back and stood in the middle of the vehicle
The man in white half-sleeves communicates with the passenger on the right while he is constantly sorting out the things in his hands
The man with white half-sleeves stood in the middle of the aisle, lowering his head to sort out the things in his hands. The bus was moving, and the passengers sitting on the bus were shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moved.
The man in white half-sleeves handed the thing in his hand to the passenger sitting on the right
The man in white half-sleeves glanced down, then he leaned against the seat on the left and sorted out the things in his hands
The bus is moving, and the passengers sitting on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
The man in white short-sleeves standing in the middle is arranging the things in his hands and reaching out to communicate with the passengers on both sides.
The man in white short sleeves turned in a circle, walked to the rear of the vehicle, and then continued to communicate with the passengers on both sides.
The woman wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the left took out a white towel from her bag. The woman wiped her glasses with the towel, then folded the towel and put it on her lap.
The bus is driving, the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving, and cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man in white half-sleeves took a few steps forward and then stopped in the middle of the vehicle. The man stood leaning against the seat on the left
A man wearing white half-sleeves standing in the middle of the aisle lowered his head to sort out the things in his hands
The man standing in the middle of the aisle handed the thing in his hand to the passenger on the right
The man standing in the middle of the aisle lowers his head to sort out the things in his hands
The man standing in the middle of the aisle took out his pants pocket, and then continued to lower his head to sort out the things in his hands.
The man standing in the middle of the aisle turned around, leaned against the seat on the right, and then lowered his head to sort out the things in his hands.
The man in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right put down his mobile phone, leaned forward, and was sorting something in his hand
The man in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right took out an item from the black bag
The man wearing white half-sleeves standing in the middle of the aisle turned around, walked to the back of the vehicle, and then sat on the seat on the right
The man in blue half-sleeves took out a charging cable from the black bag and plugged it into his mobile phone
The bus is driving. The passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving. Cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The woman in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the left turned to talk to the man next to her. The man lowered his head and arranged the bag on his lap.
The man sitting in the first row on the left took out a small white bag from his bag
The man in white half-sleeves walked towards the front of the car. When he walked to the first row of seats, he took off the black machine from the luggage rack above. Then the man continued to walk forward and left. screen
The two people sitting in the first row on the left lowered their heads to check the white small bag
The man sitting in the first row on the left took out a piece of white paper from a white bag and handed it to the woman next to him. The woman lowered her head to check the white paper in her hand.
The woman in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the left points to the paper in her hand and communicates with the man next to her
The two people sitting in the first row on the left were communicating while looking at the white paper in their hands. Their hands took turns pointing to the paper in their hands.
The man sitting in the first row on the left lowered his head to check the bag on his lap, and the woman next to him lowered his head to check the white paper in his hand.
The man sitting in the first row on the left took out a piece of white paper from the bag. He looked down and then put the paper back into the bag.
The woman sitting in the first row on the left looked down at the white paper in her hand, and from time to time she turned her head to talk to the man next to her.
The woman sitting in the first row on the left put the white paper in her hand into a white bag, which was held by the man next to her
The man sitting in the first row on the left picked up the white bag
The woman sitting in the first row on the left took the white bag from the man, and the man lowered his head to organize the things in his hands.
The man sitting in the first row on the left put the white bag into the black bag
The bus is driving. The passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving. Cars are passing by on both sides of the window.
The man in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right lowers his head and arranges his black bag
The man in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right stretched out his hand and put it on the window. He pulled the window down, but the window was not pulled.
The man in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right pulled down the window, and then closed it
The man wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right took out a red bottle from the side, unscrewed the bottle and drank water, and then the man put the bottle back next to him
The man sitting in the third row on the right looked sideways out of the window while his hand kept adjusting the window
A man stood up from the right rear seat and walked to the rear door of the vehicle. The man was holding a white object in his hand
A man stood at the rear door of the vehicle holding the railing
The bus stopped and the man standing at the back door got off.
The woman in blue clothes sitting in the first row on the right turned to look at something
The man wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right took out a red bottle from the side, unscrewed the bottle and drank water, and then held the red bottle in his hand
The woman sitting in the first row wearing a blue half-sleeve turned to talk to the man wearing a blue half-sleeve next to her. The man took off his headphones.
The man in white half-sleeves walked to the middle aisle, and then stood with his back against the chairs in the first row on the left
The woman in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right turned to look at the man in white half-sleeves
The man standing in the aisle took out something from the black bag around his waist and took a look
The man standing in the aisle handed the thing in his hand to the passenger sitting in the second row on the right, and then he put the thing in his hand into the small black bag on his waist
The man standing in the aisle took a few steps forward and disappeared from the screen
The two women sitting in the first row turned to look at each other, then the woman on the right turned and glanced back
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
The man wearing blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right unscrewed the bottle in his hand, then he took a sip of water, then held the bottle in his hand and tightened the cap
The woman in blue half-sleeves sitting in the first row on the right turned and looked back, then she turned back and sat facing forward
Passengers in the car are sitting
A woman in gray clothes got on the bus. The woman was holding a red bag and a white bag in her hands. The woman walked to the back of the car and sat on the left side of the bus.
A man wearing a hat and gray half-sleeves got on the bus. The man was holding a big bag with a blue basin in his hand. The man took a few steps back and stopped. middle of aisle
A woman wearing white half-sleeves got on the bus. The woman held a child in her hands, and then the woman placed the child in the third row on the right.
The woman wearing white half-sleeves in the third row on the right took off the headscarf on the child next to her, and then sat on her seat
Four passengers got off the bus one after another. They were two men wearing white short-sleeves and hats, a woman wearing black clothes, and a man carrying a black schoolbag.
The woman in blue clothes sitting on the right side of the first row turned and looked back
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
The man in blue clothes sitting in the first row of the bus unscrewed the cap of the red bottle in his hand and took a sip, then tightened the bottle
The woman sitting on the right side of the first row near the aisle turned her head and looked back, and then the long-haired woman sitting in the second row on the left also turned her head and looked back.
The man sitting in the third row from the left picked up the hat on his head, arranged his hair, and then put the hat back on
A woman wearing a pink top got on the bus. She walked a few steps back and sat on the left seat.
The passengers in the car are sitting on their seats
The man in white short-sleeves in the third row from the left stood up. He looked down at his surroundings and walked a few steps in place.
A man wearing white short-sleeves and a white hat got on the bus. He sat on the left seat. The woman in a pink top who got on the bus just now sat on the right.
A man in white short-sleeves in the third row stands in the middle aisle, lowering his head to communicate with the person on the right
The man in the third row wearing white short sleeves bent over and glanced at the seat on the left, then the man walked forward and left the car
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
A man wearing white short sleeves got on the bus. The man was holding several large transparent plastic bags in his hands. He walked towards the back of the car.
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
A man in white short-sleeves got on the bus. The man held a stack of books in his hand, followed by a woman in a light green vest, and then the woman sat in the third row from the left. at the window
The man holding several large transparent plastic bags stood in the middle aisle. The man holding a stack of books took a few steps back and stopped in the aisle.
A man in long sleeves got on the bus. The man was holding a basket of apples in his hands. He took a few steps back.
A man wearing black half-sleeves got on the bus. The man was holding many small plastic bags in his right hand.
The man holding a stack of books in his hand turned and walked forward. He showed the thing in his hand to the passenger on the right.
The man in black half-sleeves took the thing in his right hand to his left hand, then held the roof of the car with his right hand and took two steps back.
A man wearing gray clothes and carrying a black schoolbag got on the bus, then a man wearing white short sleeves walked to the aisle, and then the man turned and left
The man holding a big plastic bag in his hand took a few steps forward, and then several people walked forward and left the car. They were people carrying black schoolbags and holding big plastic bags in their hands. man and man holding a basket of apples
A bald man walked into the car. He held a black basket in his hand. The man walked a few steps behind the car and stopped at the back door.
A man wearing blue short sleeves got on the car and walked towards the back of the car
A man wearing striped short-sleeves got on the bus. The man was holding a large plastic bag in his hand. After getting on the bus, the man walked towards the back of the car.
A man in green short-sleeves got on the bus. The man held a red box in his hand. He took a few steps back and stood next to the first row.
The man in black short-sleeves walked towards the front of the car and then left the car
A woman carrying a pink schoolbag got into the car, followed by a man in white short-sleeves, and the two walked towards the back of the car
The man in green short sleeves took out a sesame seed cake from the box in his hand and handed it to the man in blue clothes in the first row on the right. The man in blue lowered his head and flipped through the small black bag. I took the sesame seed cake from the man in green.
The man in white short sleeves took a few steps towards the front of the car and left the car.
The man in blue short sleeves took a few steps towards the front of the car and left the car.
The man in blue clothes in the first row on the right held the biscuits in his hand and opened the plastic bag containing the biscuits.
A man wearing horizontal stripes got into the car and walked towards the back of the car
The man in blue clothes in the first row on the right took out the sesame seed cake and put it in his mouth
A man wearing white short-sleeves and a hat got on the bus. The man walked back and sat in the third row on the left
A woman wearing a white top got on the car. She wore a pink hat. The woman walked towards the back of the car.
The man wearing green half-sleeves standing next to the first row of seats walked towards the back of the car, holding a red and green box in his right hand
A man in blue short-sleeves got on the car. The man held a red box in his right hand and walked towards the back of the car.
The man with blue half-sleeves stopped in the middle of the aisle. He put the red box in his right hand down, then raised it up and continued walking backwards
The woman in the pink hat walked forward to the first row, followed by the man carrying the red box
The woman wearing a pink hat is holding a plastic bucket in her hand. She is standing next to the first row of seats. The woman takes something out of the bucket and hands it to the woman in blue sitting in the first row on the right. , took the money from the woman in blue, and then got out of the car
The man wearing green short sleeves in the middle of the aisle raised the red and green box in his hand, and stood holding the railing on the roof of the car with his other hand
A man in blue short-sleeves got into the car. He was carrying a black schoolbag and walked towards the back of the car.
The man in green short-sleeves in the middle of the aisle walked towards the back of the car and sat on the left side
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
The man in white short-sleeves walked into the car. He took a few steps back and stopped in the middle of the aisle.
A man in a blue short-sleeved seat on the left stood up, walked to the back of the car, and then sat in the right row of seats at the back of the car.
The woman wearing blue short-sleeves in the first row on the left turned sideways and communicated with the people on the right while waving her hands.
The man wearing blue half-sleeves in the first row on the right took out a red bottle from the side, unscrewed the bottle and drank water, and then the man put the bottle back next to him
The bus is driving. The passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus is driving. Cars pass by from time to time outside the windows on both sides.
The man wearing white short-sleeves standing in the middle of the aisle took two steps back, then stopped in the middle of the aisle, his body standing against the seat on the left
The man wearing white short-sleeves standing in the middle of the aisle took two steps back, then stopped in the middle of the aisle, his body standing against the seat on the right
On the right back seat, a man stood up. The man walked forward to the front of the car, and then squatted in the middle of the aisle.
A man in white stands in the middle of the aisle, and a man in blue squats in front
The man in blue got up and left the car
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
A man in white stands in the middle of the aisle
The man in white in the middle of the aisle turned around and took something from the luggage rack next to him, and then walked to the back of the car.
The man in white standing in the back aisle walked towards the front of the car, holding a black machine in his hand, and then he left the car
The bus stopped and the passengers on the bus were all sitting on their seats.
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
A man wearing orange short-sleeves got on the bus. He walked to the back of the car and sat in the back row on the right
A man wearing pink half-sleeves got into the car. He was carrying a dark pink schoolbag and walked towards the back of the car.
The man in pink half-sleeves sat on the seat on the right. The man in orange short-sleeves who had just got on the bus got up and walked forward and sat next to the man in pink half-sleeves.
The man in white short-sleeves walked into the car. He took a few steps to the back of the car, and then he stood in the middle of the aisle leaning on the back of the seat on the left.
The bus stopped. The passengers on the bus were all sitting on their seats. A man was standing in the middle aisle.
The bus is moving, and the passengers on the bus are shaking their bodies left and right as the bus moves.
The man standing in the middle of the aisle reached out and held the railing next to him, turned around and stood forward
The person sitting in the second row on the right pushed the cyan box forward in the middle aisle
The bus stopped, the passengers on the bus were sitting on their seats, and a man stood in the middle aisle
A woman wearing green short sleeves got on the car and walked towards the back of the car
A man in green and a woman in blue are sitting side by side on the bus.
The blue woman took out her mobile phone from her pocket with her right hand and looked at it.
The woman in blue holds the mobile phone in her right hand and turns to look out the window, while the man in green looks out the window.
The woman in blue holds her mobile phone in her right hand and looks out the window, while the man in green lowers his head.
The woman in blue and the man in green both picked up their mobile phones and looked at them.
A woman in the back row stood up, took a look and sat down. A white man stood up on the right and walked out of the screen.
A man appeared holding a large plastic bag and walked into the car.
The man in green looked back and saw a woman observing the surroundings and then walked forward. The man with the plastic bag came back and walked forward.
The man in blue walked into the screen with a gift box and walked out of the screen.
The man in green and the woman in blue are looking straight ahead, and there is a person standing on the left side of the screen.
The man in green looks to the right, and the woman in blue looks to the front.
The man in red walked into the carriage, a woman sat in front, and the man in white got up and sat in front.
The man in red and a woman walked out of the video, and the little girl in white walked into the screen and sat down.
The man holding a plastic bag walked into the screen and sat down. The man in white entered the screen and a child stood up.
The man in white and the child sat down in the back seat
A man carrying a box of water appeared. The seller completed the transaction with the man in green.
The man in white enters the screen and walks into the car.
The woman in blue and the man selling things left the video together with the man in the black hat.
The man in white got up and walked out of the screen. The woman in flowery pants stood up.
The woman in colorful pants walked into the car, and the green man walked out of the video.
The man in flowery trousers enters the screen, and the woman in flowery trousers walks to the front seat.
The woman in flower pants is taking care of the child with the person on the seat. The man in green appears on the screen and sits down.
The woman in blue enters the screen, the woman in the back row is taking care of the child, and the man in green is drinking water.
The woman in blue drinks water, the man in green lowers his head, and the woman in flower pants sits down.
The woman in flower pants stood up to take care of the child.
The woman in flower pants takes care of the child, the woman in blue stands up to watch, and the man in green enters with a plastic bag in hand.
The man in green holding a plastic bag walked out of the screen, and the woman in blue looked inside the car.
The woman in flower pants is standing, and the woman in blue is looking at her mobile phone.
The man in green looks back, and the woman in flower pants is standing.
The man in green and the woman in blue are looking at their mobile phones, and the woman in flowery pants is looking at the back of the car.
The woman in colorful trousers holds her child and walks to the back of the car. The woman in the second row looks towards the back of the car.
The man in white got up and walked to the back of the car.
The man in green is eating, and the woman in blue is playing with her mobile phone.
The man in white got up and sat from the back to the front.
The man in green looked back at the back of the car while eating.
The man in green lowers his head and the woman in blue looks at her phone.
The man in green drinks water, and the woman in blue takes the water and looks back.
The man in black pants enters the screen, and the woman in blue twists the bottle cap.
The man in black pants walked into the carriage, and the man in the flowered shirt and the man in shorts entered the scene.
The man in black pants walked out of the screen, and the man in green put down the water glass.
The man in white looks behind the car, and the woman in blue looks to the right.
The man in white looked back, and the woman in blue stood up and looked back.
A woman holding a child came to the front, and the man in green drank water.
Everyone looked back. The woman holding the girl was in a panic as if she had lost something.
The woman in blue sat down with the woman in the second row, and the man in green looked back
The man in white with a bag appears on the screen, communicating with the girl in flower pants.
The man in white walked to the back of the carriage, and most of the people in the front of the carriage stood up.
The man in green and the man in white sat down, and the man in white walked inside.
The man in white, the man in green and the woman in blue communicate with each other.
The man in white, the woman in blue, and the woman in flowery pants looked back to the back of the car, and the man in green looked ahead.
The woman in flower pants sat down, and the man in white and the woman in blue turned sideways.
The man in blue buying water enters the screen and walks into the carriage.
The woman in blue makes a call, the woman in the second row communicates with the man in white, and the man in blue buys water and goes inside the car.
A steady stream of people walked across the red carpet at an exhibition.
An open-air environment, one was cleaning the table and then left.
A woman in white stood in the center of the screen. After looking around, she sat down.
A girl in pink ran to the road to pick up something, and then ran back. On the way a man crossed the road.
A man in white and a girl in pink throw things together.
The girl in pink threw it again, then ran to pick it up and left the screen.
The girl in pink picked up the things in her hands and ran back to find the man in white.
The girl in pink threw something and it slid towards the center of the screen.
The girl in pink threw things on the other side and ran to the middle of the road.
The man in white and the girl in pink are playing and then leave.
Three characters appear from the bottom of the screen and walk out of the screen along the road.
In a clothes shopping place, three women with veils stood near the counter.
The woman in yellow walked into the counter, and there was another person in red clothes standing outside the counter.
The woman in yellow packed clothes for them and put them in the bag.
A bunch of people were shopping in a clothing store, and then left one after another in the lower left corner of the video.
The brown turban woman walks out of the screen.
A woman with a brown headscarf and a black headscarf appears, walking towards the depth of the screen.
Women in brown headscarves and black headscarves talk to people above.
In a room, a man in gray clothes looked at something on the wall and walked towards the video center.
A man in a shirt walks into the screen and talks to the man in gray, and then the man in gray leaves.
The man in gray enters the screen again and talks to the man in shirt about the things on the wall.
Both parties have been watching the computer communication on the left side of the video.
A man in brown clothes appears at the back of the video and walks towards the desk.
The man in the shirt walks out of the screen, and the man in brown clothes sits on the chair.
The man in the shirt walked into the screen and looked out of the video.
The man in the shirt walked out of the screen, and the man in gray looked out of the video.
The man in brown clothes picked up the bag in his hand and stood up and left the screen.
The man in the shirt walked into the screen and walked to the aisle to the left of the video to observe.
Two men holding things walked out from the right side of the video and the left side of the video. The man in gray and the man in shirt walked out from the right side of the video.
The man in brown clothes enters from the left side of the video again and sits on a chair.
In a shop, the woman in green in the center of the screen walks from the counter to the box on the left side of the video.
The man with a backpack walked out of the shop, and the woman in green walked to the right side of the screen.
The woman in white on the left side of the video walks out of the store, and a man in blue appears at the bottom of the video.
The woman in green walks to the man in blue to get something.
The woman in green walks to the counter to show something to the man at the counter on the right side of the video, and the woman in the hat enters the shop.
The hat girl enters the shop with her child and leaves from the left side of the screen.
The woman in pink on the right side of the video communicates with the man in yellow hat.
The man in the hat entered the store and stood next to the man with yellow hair, and the woman in green was about to walk out of the counter.
The woman in green walks to the right side of the video, the man in the shirt enters the store, and the man in the hat leaves the counter.
In an indoor environment, a man in a striped shirt stands on the left side of the video and faces the left side of the video.
The man in the shirt appears from the top of the video and walks to the right side of the video.
People are walking back and forth in a two-story passenger terminal.
In a closed environment there is a glass wall with a door on it.
There are three people entering from the left side of the video and walking out from the right side of the video.
A man in orange enters from the left side of the video and walks out from the right side of the video.
There are many people walking in the waiting hall.
In an indoor environment, the man in blue and the man in plaid shirt were discussing below the video.
The man in the plaid shirt walked to the left side of the video and turned off the light, and the man in blue stood on the upper side of the video.
The man in blue walked to the bottom of the video, and the man in blue appeared at the bottom left of the video.
The man in blue and the man in plaid shirt sat on the chairs.
The man in the plaid shirt stood up and walked out from the left side of the video.
The man in blue stood up and looked around and slowly walked to the bottom of the video.
The man in blue walked from the bottom of the video to the top of the video and looked out of the video.
The man in blue walked to the chair below the video, sat down and looked forward.
In an indoor environment, the woman in pink is sitting at the counter, the woman in yellow and the man in blue are sitting on chairs chatting face to face.
The woman in pink got up and picked up the cup on the table and walked towards the lower left corner of the video.
The woman in pink returned to the seat where she was sitting from the bottom of the video and stood up to pick up the phone.
The woman in yellow got up, carried her schoolbag and walked to the bottom right of the video. The woman in pink walked to the top of the video and left the video screen.
The woman in yellow opens the lower right door of the video and leaves the video, the woman in pink walks past the upper left side of the video, and the man in blue holds the phone.
The man in blue has been sitting in his seat talking on the phone.
In a restaurant, there are some people eating, some standing and chatting, and some passing by.
In an indoor place, there are sofas, chairs and counters. There are people sitting, chatting and standing.
In an indoor place, on the grid, a man in red is sitting on a blue chair and looking at his mobile phone.
In front of a stall, a man in brown clothes is waiting for something, and the cashier is an old man.
A man in a shirt is lining up behind the man in brown.
The man in brown clothes leaves from the left side of the video, and the man in shirt communicates with the cashier.
In a supermarket, the man in blue is looking around in the video center.
A blond woman walked into the video and walked towards the depth of the video. The man in blue looked to the left side of the video.
The woman in white walked into the video to communicate with the man in blue and picked up the things in the container.
The man in black passed by and walked towards the depths of the video, and the woman in white put down her things and pushed the cart away.
Three women passed by the video one after another. The woman in white and the man in blue walked towards the container on the left.
In the video, an old man is picking things from the shelf, and a fat woman walks from a distance.
The obese woman was shopping on the shelves for a long time and left the shelves with three people who had just entered the video.
The obese woman walked to the shelf on the left side of the video to choose.
In an indoor place, a man in white is sitting at the computer desk and using the computer.
The man in white stood up and walked to the video center, standing next to the table.
The man in white turned around to take something from the table behind and opened it to check.
In a corridor, a man in white walks out from the depth of the video to the right side of the video.
In an indoor barber shop, the man in black is leaning against the door on the upper right side of the screen and leaving the screen.
The man in the center of the screen is on the phone, the man on the lower side of the screen is looking at the computer, and the man on the upper left side of the screen is getting a haircut.
In an office, a person is sitting in front of the computer, and a man in orange is standing next to him. The two people are communicating.
The video location is in the bookstore, there are no people or scene changes in the video
A person appears in the upper left corner of the video taking something out of his pocket
The characters and environment in the upper left corner of the video remain stationary for a long time.
The character in the upper left corner of the video begins to put things into the bag twice.
The character in the upper left corner of the video lifts his coat to view
A slightly fat bald man wearing black half-sleeves, black pants, black mid-top shoes, and glasses walked from the left side of the video to the right side of the video and moved a chair.
In the video, the room lights suddenly turn off and then turn on quickly.
There are two silver cars parked on the right side of the gas station, and a man appears in the vehicle behind.
A black Audi and a flesh-colored car turn left on the road on the left side of the gas station and enter the refueling channel. On the left side of the video, behind a black Volkswagen car, a man and a woman get off the car and talk. The man talks. After getting in the car, the woman walked into the gas station business hall
There are two silver cars parked on the right side of the gas station. A man wearing white half-sleeved blue jeans walks out from behind the front vehicle and takes out a fuel gun from the fuel pump to refuel.
After the black Audi stopped, a fat man wearing a white shirt and black pants got out of it.
The man who got off the black Audi walked to the right in front of the gas station and took off the oil gun
A silver car drove in from the left and parked behind the flesh-colored car
A black car drove in from left to right from the road above the gas station
A man wearing white half-sleeved blue jeans on the left side of the first silver car in the right channel took the oil gun from the car and put it back at the gas station.
The man coming out of the black Audi car took out the refueling gun from the refueling pile and started to refuel.
In the video, the green half-sleeved man picked up the paper from the table, the black half-sleeved man stood aside, and the green long-sleeved man sat opposite him
The green half-sleeved man looked at the paper in his hand for a while and talked with the black half-sleeved man
Green half-sleeved man puts the paper in his hand into the table hole
Green half-sleeved man talking to black half-sleeved man
The man in black half-sleeves stands up in the video. The man with the green half-sleeve sat down on the seat of the man with the black half-sleeve.
Green half-sleeved man using computer. The man in black half-sleeves to his left holds a cigarette in his mouth, picks up the paper from the table and puts it down.
The black half-sleeved man was looking for something on the table while smoking, talking to the green short-sleeved man, and then put out the cigarette
The black half-sleeved man turned sideways to talk to the green half-sleeved man, walked behind the green half-sleeved man, sat down, rummaged for something, and then lay down
The man in black half-sleeves shook his hands from time to time after lying down, while the man in green half-sleeves took a puff of cigarette
The man in black half-sleeves waved his hand slightly, and the man in green half-sleeves typed on the keyboard.
The green half-sleeved man scratched his face and reached for the paper record on the table
The green half-sleeved man started typing into the computer against the paper records and sneezed.
The green long-sleeved man adjusted his posture. The green short-sleeved man checked several times and looked back at the black half-sleeved man.
The man in black half-sleeves lies still, the man in green half-sleeves sits in place, and the man in green long-sleeves maintains his posture
The man in green half-sleeves touched his forehead. The man in black half-sleeves behind moved his feet
The man in green half-sleeves checked the paper data on the left several times before entering it
The green half-sleeved man picked up the paper form from his lap and placed it on the table
The green half-sleeved man rummaged in the drawer and took out a white object
The green half-sleeved man took out a book and then took something out of the drawer
The green half-sleeved man reached to the right side of the table, took out a note, and clicked on a few
The green half-sleeved man took out another dozen bills, put the bills together and raised his head and took a breath.
The green half-sleeved man was playing with the note in his hand while talking to the long-sleeved green man
The green half-sleeved man reached out twice and took out a white paper, opened it and put it in his left hand
The green half-sleeved man turned back to talk to the black half-sleeved man. After talking, he reached for the note again.
The green half-sleeved man turned back to talk to the black half-sleeved man, turned back to talk to the green long-sleeved man, and picked up the note from the left again
The green half-sleeved man put the note in his hand on the table and talked to the green long-sleeved man, who pointed to the wall he faced
The green half-sleeved man counts the notes in his hand and talks to the green long-sleeved man, and takes the note again
The green half-sleeved man placed the note in his hand on the table and took it again
The green half-sleeved man picked up the note and began to fold it in half and put it in his hand, and then took out three small objects from the drawer
The green half-sleeved man took out things from the drawer many times and put them on the table and put them in his left hand
The green half-sleeved man took out a box from the drawer, put the things in his hands into the box, and talked to the green long-sleeved man, and pointed to his shoulder after talking.
The green long-sleeved man pointed at the green half-sleeved man, while the green short-sleeved man also pointed at himself and stood up
The green long-sleeved man leaned back, the green half-sleeved man arranged the notes, and the two talked to each other
A man wearing a pink top, black pants, and a crossbody bag walked in from the left side of the video and looked at the drink cabinet at the door.
The man walked into the store and fixed his hair. The green half-sleeved man took out a piece of white paper from the copy machine.
The man in pink clothes entered the cubicle wearing slippers, and two little boys in yellow clothes walked out from the left side.
The man in pink clothes got up, put on his shoes and walked out of the cubicle, and walked to the opposite cubicle. Two children in yellow clothes walked towards the man with long sleeves and green sleeves.
The men in pink shirts walked through the cubicles one by one to check. Two children in yellow clothes talked with the green short-sleeved man and the green long-sleeved man and walked back.
At the top of the video, a man in a green shirt and black pants walked out and entered a cubicle. The two children in yellow returned to their original cubicles, and the man in pink checked the first cubicle.
The man in pink clothes walked into the first compartment. The man in green half-sleeves took out the paper and handed it to the man in green long-sleeves. The latter stood up and put the paper on the glass cabinet and started recording.
The man in green and long sleeves turned around and communicated with the man in pink and continued to record, while the man in green and half-sleeved continued to sort out the notes.
A child in yellow walked out of the compartment and went outside the store. The man in long-sleeved green clothes and the man in short-sleeved green clothes were talking while recording
The man in long-sleeved green clothes checked the drink cabinet and continued recording. The man in short-sleeved green clothes lit a cigarette.
The man in green short-sleeves smokes while using the computer, and the man in green long-sleeves takes something from the table
The man in long-sleeved green clothes took out a notebook, looked at it for a few times, put it back and continued recording
The man in long-sleeved green clothes put the things on the glass cabinet back on the table
The man in long-sleeved green clothes walked into the house and sat opposite the man in short-sleeved green clothes.
A child in red clothes walked out of the third compartment and walked to the last compartment
The man in short-sleeved green clothes is smoking, sorting papers, and chatting with the man in long-sleeved green clothes
The man in long-sleeved green clothes and the man in short-sleeved green clothes were chatting. The two did not move. Only the man in short-sleeved green clothes was smoking and touching his head.
A child in red walked out of the last compartment and returned to the original compartment.
The man in long-sleeved green clothes looked out while talking to the man in short-sleeved green clothes
A child in red walked out of the third compartment and walked into the last compartment.
The child in red walked out of the last compartment and ran back to the original compartment.
A man wearing white short sleeves and black shorts walked into the store, turned around and walked into a cubicle
The characters and scenes in the video have not changed, only the man in short-sleeved green clothes smokes
In the video, a man in red is smoking in the upper left corner. In the middle are a woman wearing a white headscarf, a woman in a red headscarf, a child in the back, and a person in the upper right corner of the video.
A woman with a high ponytail wearing a blue shirt appears on the left side of the video
The woman with high ponytail talks to the woman with white headscarf. The woman with white headscarf talks to the man in red and takes out something.
The woman in red headscarf took something from the childs table behind her and wrote on the thing in her hand,
The woman in the red headscarf took something from the table behind her again. The woman in the white headscarf took it apart and took out something from it and gave it to the woman with high ponytail. The woman with high ponytail put the money on the counter.
The woman with high ponytail leaves the video, the woman with white headscarf starts to pack things, the woman with red headscarf puts the written things on the table behind her
The woman in red headscarf walked to the table where the child was, opened the drawer, put the money in it, and returned to the counter
The woman in the white headscarf puts the packed items back under the counter, and the person in the upper right corner of the video stands up
The person in the upper right corner of the video walks into the blind spot of the video
The woman in white headscarf turned to communicate with the woman in red headscarf, and the child was playing with stationery on the desktop.
The person in the blind spot of the video appeared. Wearing blue clothes, he walked to the child's table and sorted out the papers.
The man in blue starts to use the calculator, the man changes the paper and continues to use the calculator
The child left his seat and walked towards the opposite side of the man. During this period, the man calculated and put the paper on the table in the middle of the video.
The man left the video area, the child talked with the woman in white headscarf, and the child returned to the desktop to continue playing with stationery
The woman in red headscarf took out her mobile phone while talking to the woman in white headscarf
The man in red talked to the woman in white turban and red turban, and handed the woman in white turban something, and the woman in red turban started recording
The woman placed what she had written on the table behind her, opened the drawer again, put it in, handed something to the man in red and returned to the counter.
The man in red, the woman in white turban, the woman in red turban looks to the left and talks to someone
The man in red took out his mobile phone and the two women talked to each other
The woman in red headscarf put the things under the counter, turned around, left the counter and walked back, while the child left the seat
The child walked to the opposite side of the table and started playing. The woman in the white headscarf glanced at the child and turned towards the counter.
The man in blue appears behind the video. He took the paper that had been placed on the table and walked towards the man in red and gave it to him.
The man in red looked at the paper and started writing on it
A woman in white walked to the counter where the woman in white headscarf was. After talking to the woman in white headscarf, the woman in white headscarf took out something from the counter of the store and gave it to the woman in white.
The woman in white took out her wallet and gave money to the woman in white turban. The man in red ordered something while talking to the woman in red turban.
The woman in white left the counter, took something from the counter behind and gave it to the woman in white, and the child returned to the table
After getting the money, the woman in white scarf talked with the man in blue and gave the money to the child, who put the money on the table.
The woman in the white turban took off the yellow packaging while looking for something. The man in blue began to put money in the drawer, while the woman in the white turban was organizing things on the desktop.
The man in blue put something on the upper left side of the table, the woman in white headscarf gave the money to the woman in white, and the man in blue walked to the opposite side of the man in red at the same time
The woman in white leaves, and the man in red carries his schoolbag
A man with black half-sleeves and black shorts appears at the top of the video, shaking hands with the man in red, and talking to the man in blue and the woman in white headscarf
A person in uniform on the left side of the video appears and then disappears quickly
A white male wearing black half-sleeves, black pants, and glasses walked towards the front desk
The short-haired man wearing black half-sleeved black pants at the front desk put the card on the table
After seeing the card, he took out his wallet and gave the money to the man at the front desk.
The woman left the screen after receiving it. The man looked at the man at the front desk and took away the card on the table.
The man wearing glasses began to walk out the door, and the man at the front desk returned to the front desk position in the video
In the video, the man in a brown suit stirred his drink, and the man in black uniform at the counter walked up
The woman in uniform with ponytail spun around on her chair and stood up and walked back. The man in brown suit took a few sips of the contents of the cup.
The man in the brown suit wiped the table with paper and handed the plate to the man in the black apron. The man put the plate and paper under it
The man in the brown suit picked up two drinks, one of which was handed to the woman who left the seat before, and the other was given to another person
A room with tables placed against the wall and a chair in front of each table
The door was opened, a man wearing a hat and a white shirt walked into the house and closed the door
The man in the white shirt is looking for something in the room, only his hat is exposed under the surveillance camera
The man changed places and continued searching, then disappeared
The man with blue half-sleeves and the man with brown half-sleeves appear in the video at the same time
The man in the shirt and the man in the white half-sleeved shirt appeared, followed the blue half-sleeved man into the room, and disappeared in the video
The brown half-sleeved man appears in the video, pauses for a while while stacking the goods in the middle, and then walks out of the room
The tall shirt-sleeved man walked into the video. During this period, the brown half-sleeved man walked into the store. After the two high-fived, the brown half-sleeved man entered the room and disappeared. The tall man walked out of the room and disappeared.
The tall man returned indoors from outside and walked towards the pile of debris above the video to rummage
The brown half-sleeved man and the white shirt man walked into the video. The white shirt man pushed a box towards the top of the video, and the brown half-sleeved man was playing with a bunch of items on the ground.
The man in the white shirt placed the box above the video, and the brown man rummaged around opposite the tall man.
The tall man walked indoors after talking to the brown half-sleeved man, and then disappeared from the video
The tall man at the top of the video walked back, picked up a white object and put it back high.
The tall man walked towards the far right side of the video, and at the same time the man in the white shirt pushed out a box from the room
The man in the white shirt pushed the box upward again. At the same time, the tall man and the man in brown half-sleeves walked out from the far right and returned to the room before disappearing from the video.
The man in the white shirt began to sort out the debris and put the extra boxes on the shelf
The tall man came into view and pushed out a stack of boxes near the shelf in the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing a white striped shirt walked into the store. Take off the red scarf on your head, go indoors and disappear in the video
The tall man pushed a stack of boxes indoors, and at the same time, a man wearing jeans walked into the room.
Tall man rummaging above the video
A man wearing striped half-sleeves appeared, walked to the lower area of the video, sat at the table while eating, and looked at the items on the table
A man wearing a black and white top and holding a bag in his hand appears in the video
A man in a black and white shirt with a bag in his hand walks indoors
A man wearing a brown coat and glasses appeared in the video and also entered the room
The glass door slowly closed, and there was a silver-white electric bicycle, a black motorcycle, and a silver-white car parked outside.
A man wearing a white shirt and a man in a light pink shirt walked to the steps
Male in white shirt, and male in light pink shirt go up the steps and enter the glass door.
Male in white shirt, and man in light pink shirt walked out of the building and stopped to talk
An elderly man wearing a plaid shirt appeared in the video and walked into the building. The man in the white shirt and the man in the light pink shirt walked towards the white car next to the building.
A man wearing a blue plaid shirt walked into the video. When the man walked into the building, an elderly man wearing a plaid shirt walked out of the room.
The elderly man in a plaid shirt walked out of the glass door and left. The man in the white shirt and the man in the light pink shirt walked around the white car and chatted.
The man in the white shirt and the man in the light pink shirt have been talking in front of the building and pacing up and down the steps.
A woman wearing a black top walks into the video, talks to a man in a white shirt, and a man in a light pink shirt, walks with her for two steps, and then enters the building alone.
The man in the white shirt walked away with the man in the light pink shirt while walking and talking.
In the video, a man wearing a red hat is sitting behind the table. At this time, a man wearing a purple hat walks into the video
A man wearing a red hat and a man wearing a purple hat communicated. The man in the purple hat walked behind the man in the red hat.
The man in the purple hat and the man in the red hat left after talking.
The man in the red hat stood up and left
The man in the red hat appears in the video, walks into the hut at the back of the video, and is not in the video anymore
The man in the red hat appears in the video, walks out of the hut, and returns to the table where he came back
The man in the red hat sealed the small box on the table, and a woman wearing a green top appeared in the video
A woman in a green shirt enters the hut, and a man in a purple hat appears in the video. She hands a box to the man in a red hat, and a man in a blue shirt appears.
After the blue half-sleeved man talked with the man in the red hat, he walked behind the man in the red hat with the man in the purple hat.
The man in blue half-sleeves picked up the book and covered his face, and the man in purple hat walked outside and disappeared from the video
The blue half-sleeved man covered his face with the book again, then put it back in the drawer, and stood behind the man in the red hat.
A man wearing a red shirt appears in the video and walks to the left side of the video. A woman talking on the phone lifts her hair
The woman on the phone put down the phone, and the man in the red shirt was still busy on the left
The man in the red shirt walked out of the video range while busy, and the woman who put down the phone was using the keyboard
The woman who hung up the phone chatted with the woman next door, and the man in the red shirt walked into the video
The man in the red shirt walked out of the video while busy, and the woman who hung up the phone used the keyboard while chatting with the woman next door.
The man in red shirt appears in the video and leaves after completing the work
Two women are using the computer
The video moves to the left with the camera and zooms in
A mother in pink clothes led her child out of the video, and an electric tricycle appeared above the video
As the video zooms in, the electric car is lost, and only black items and woven bags can be seen
The camera moves, during which a person wearing a red top appears, and finally stops at a person wearing a black vest, black and white half-sleeves, and a woman wearing red pants and a white vest, with a black half-sleeve next to her men, there is a pickup truck, a car, and a tricycle in front of them
A man with black and white half-sleeves rides an electric bicycle and a woman wearing red pants and a white vest. The man wearing black half-sleeves walks to the left of the road
A blue truck with Pepsi Cola printed on it appears in the video. The co-pilot is wearing blue short-sleeves and the driver is wearing a white shirt.
The video lens becomes larger and the truck drives to the center of the road.
A green and white bus drove into the video, and a man in a white shirt got on the bus
The bus drives away, and a man wearing a blue helmet rides an electric bike and leaves the video
A blue and white bus drove across the road and disappeared into the video. There were several electric bicycles on the road.
A white truck drives into the video and drives across the road and disappears into the video. A man wearing a red and white half-sleeve is riding an electric bicycle. A man wearing an orange half-sleeve drives out of the video.
Number of electric cars and motorcycles of various colors driving across the road
A man wearing a blue half-sleeved shirt appeared. The man pushed an electric bicycle outside the video
In the video, three men are chatting outside the door, and one is sitting on the railing.
A man appeared from the right, opened the door of the room on the left, and then three men walked in from the door
Four people enter the room on the right in turn
No one comes in or out, there are sofas and coffee tables above the room
Three people chatting outside the door. Among them, a woman wearing a green and white skirt walks into the room.
The woman in a green and white skirt searched for something in her bag for a while and then entered a room indoors
Four people outside the door. Among them, the woman wearing gray half-sleeves bent down to lift a package, and the person wearing a red top and the person wearing a white skirt walked out of the video range.
There were only people wearing blue half-sleeves standing by the steps outside the door. Finally, they walked to the door and opened the door for the person wearing a white shirt and pushing a stroller.
White top, the person pushing the stroller tidied the stroller, then entered the house where the woman wearing a green and white skirt entered before, and at the same time, the woman wearing a green and white skirt walked out of the house
A woman in a green and white skirt walked out of the hut and walked out with a man in a blue half-sleeve video.
A woman wearing a gray vest and black pants and a man wearing black half-sleeved blue shorts went out together, and then left from the right side of the steps.
After the woman wearing a gray vest and black pants and the man wearing black half-sleeved blue shorts walked out, no one entered or left the room. There was a red sofa and a white small table above.
A pair of men and women in white are walking on the road
A pair of men and women in white walked in from the left side of the road, crossed the road, and walked through a small bush with a large area of cover. The man was holding flowers. The two stopped at the stairs for one second and then went up. Go up the stairs and take out the key to open the door and enter the house.
A man and woman walked in from the left side of the road and crossed the road. The man was wearing black shorts.
Several people walked in from the left side of the road, crossed the road, and entered the small bushes, blocking a large area
Five people came out of the bushes, two old people and three children. The grandfather supported the child on the bicycle, the grandmother held a child, and there was a child beside her.
A fat man wearing a white hurdle vest and shorts and a thin man wearing blue shorts with a red and white hat walked from the right to the left, and a man wearing black and white stripes Man pulling red bag from suitcase talking.
A man wearing a gray shirt and pulling a suitcase walked by and looked back
A man wearing a black and white striped shirt walked in with a red bag and a black suitcase. After passing by, two people, one fat and one thin, had a slight exchange with the man in blue shorts and put the luggage at the manhole cover. Change the suitcase into a portable
Two people in white hurdle vest and blue shorts enter from the left. The man in blue shorts looks at the map on his mobile phone and then makes a phone call.
A man in an orange top, black shorts and a crossbody bag walks by on the left
A red bus passes from right to left
The blond woman with white shirt and the man with black shirt walked by and turned right at the wooden door
There are cars passing by on the street.
A man in a blue shirt walked past with a red object in his hand and looked back several times
Man in dark blue shirt walking around in the store
The man in the red shirt came from a distance, holding a black object in his hand, passing the man in dark blue clothes in the store
A man in a blue shirt holding a white object and pulling a cart passed by
A woman in a purple top and headscarf walks past holding paper and a bag
A man with a backpack in a blue jacket and gray pants walked by holding a mobile phone
The man in black clothes was holding a water bottle and watching at the door of the store, and kept looking back on the way out
A man in black came out of the store and walked to the right, stopping for a moment and walking to the left.
A woman in a blue headscarf and red clothes passes from the right to the left
A man in white wearing a watch is passing by holding two brown boxes with black edges.
A man in a black shirt and blue pants pulls a cart passing by. There are boxes and black plastic bags on the cart.
Two people in orange tops and red tops are coming
The man in black shirt is passing by on the left carrying things
Four people walked from the right to the left. Among them, black clothes pulled a cart. There were white boxes and black boxes with red objects on the cart.
A man in black and white clothes and jeans carrying a red bag came, and then walked to the right
The man in blue clothes walked by carrying a black bag
A man in yellow and blue striped clothes, gray pants, a crossbody bag and a camera in his hand passed by the canon store
Two men in the canon store were talking the whole time, with their hands pointing to the right from time to time.
A man in brown clothes and brown pants came from a distance holding a white object in his hand
A man in a black shirt, gray shorts, and a black crossbody bag walked near the entrance of the Canon store
A man in a black shirt and gray pants walked to the right holding something white
The man in a black shirt and gray pants returned. The things in his hands disappeared. After walking to the entrance of the canon store, he turned to the left.
The man in the canon store was on the phone, flipping through the books on the counter, and then took the books away
Brown hat red and white striped shirt jeans man passing by
The man in black wearing glasses walked into the canon store with orange and black things in his hand and talked to the clerk. The man put the orange object on the counter, continued to talk to the clerk, and left for a while Go back and talk to the clerk, then leave
The woman in fancy pants came over and turned around to call the child behind her
The little girl in blue clothes passed by with a green umbrella on her shoulders
The man in black clothes squatted down in front of the box and picked up something. Then he made a phone call and bent down to check the box, pulled out the cart, and loaded the box into the car.
A woman in a floral shirt passed by the store
A man in white wearing jeans passes by
The man in black clothes and gray pants walked to the door and talked with the man in red
The man in red came out and communicated with the man in black
A man in white clothes and black pants is walking from a distance holding something white in his hand
A bearded man in gray clothes and gray pants holding a red thing
The man wearing a blue plaid jacket, yellow shirt, beige shorts and holding a dinner plate passed by and glanced at the wall.
A man in black clothes and black pants passes by the store holding a colorful blanket
The man in gray clothes and gray trousers passed by holding a mobile phone and a blanket
The clerk in gray shirt and black pants is packing boxes with tape and talking to others
The woman in the gray top went out while turning the gas tank
The man in white shirt, gray pants and glasses walked into the house with a red folder in his hand and turned around to meet the man in black.
Stand in front of the counter and look at the things on the table.
The man in white lifted his pants, took off his shoes and socks, walked to the door with the socks, took the black folder, put it on the table, and turned around to go out.
The man in white took the socks and entered the innermost part of the house
The woman in gray clothes entered the room and bent down to look at the man in black
The man in black clothes and gray pants carrying a cross-body bag entered the house, put the bag on the table, stood holding the table for a while, then sat at the counter and talked on the phone
The black car is coming and turns right with the lights on.
The white car follows the black car and drives out
The garage door slowly closes halfway down
The bank staff has been counting the number of banknotes in their hands. During this period, they will turn their heads and look around at other staff, count a dozen and put them together.
The staff talked with the man in the yellow hat who came to the counter
The man in yellow hat holds a transparent folder and asks the bank staff
The bank employee sat down and threw the scissors, took out a package of banknotes from under the table and opened it with scissors, talked to his colleagues, stood up and left
The man in the yellow hat put the things into the folder and took out a list and asked the staff
The bank staff returned to their seats and picked up the banknotes
The large blue and white truck loaded with steel pipes slowly drove into the middle of the road and reversed
The man in black walked to the middle of the road and directed the large blue and white truck from the middle of the road back to the roadside. During this period, many non-motorized vehicles passed by on the street.
Silver car passing by
Silver white pickup truck passing by
White medium-sized truck passing by
Several electric bicycles were blocked
The green car drives by
The white and green bus passes by
Two white cars drove out
The black car drives out
Green bus passing by
Beige car passes by
The green car drove by
The man in yellow hat and red clothes enters the screen with a push cart
The man in black pushed open the baffle and entered the house
The man in the red hat and red clothes lay on the ground and stood up on the edge.
The man in red came out, put on a black hat, held a white object in his hand, walked to the counter, put it down, and returned inside
The man in black opened the door and walked in, pushed aside the baffle and walked straight inside
The white car drives past from right to left
Silver passenger car drives past from right to left
The person behind took some things out of the car and threw them into the back of the car. Then he closed the hood and got into the car.
, a man and a woman walked by, a man and woman in white walked by, the lady was carrying a white satchel, the man had black shorts.
A person in white walked by
A woman in dark clothes walked by holding items
A boy walked by pushing a stroller and turned around to look at the people behind him.
A woman holding a child walked by
A man in white clothes walked past the woman holding the child and the man pushing the cart
The lady in black and white clothes and glasses turns her head
The lady in red dress crosses her legs
The lady in yellow clothes turns her head
The woman in red changes her hand position
The woman in yellow waves her hand
The woman in red picked up the water cup and drank water
The woman in pink jeans came out from behind the curtain, walked to the table, picked up her clothes, sat down and put on her clothes
The man in white clothes puts things into the drawer and closes the drawer
Another man in white moved his head and picked up something and put it in a place
The man in beige clothes put the red object in the drawer, stood up, pushed in the chair, walked to the door, opened the door and walked out
The woman in white entered the house and closed the door, lifted her hair and walked into the house
The shirtless man opens the door and makes way to leave
The man in a cyan shirt and gray pants enters the house
The man in green clothes and blue trousers pointed back halfway towards the door and went out.
The man in black and white clothes and gray shorts walks towards the door
The shirtless man in black shorts scratched his head and walked towards the door
Standing woman in white dress and black skirt is tying her hair
The woman in yellow stood up and communicated with the colleague next to her. She took out the white paper from the green folder and returned to her seat.
The man in white came out of the hut making a phone call and then returned to the house
The cleaning lady in blue outside the door walked to the door and started to dig.
The man in white came out of the house to make a phone call, put his hand on the chair and then returned to the house
The man in white went out again and put away his mobile phone. He stood behind the woman in white and talked with the other two people before returning to the house.
The man in white went out to talk to the woman at the work station, walked to the sofa and returned to the woman to continue the conversation, then returned to the house
The lady in black clothes stood up, took the white documents, put them on the table, sorted them, and put them in the cabinet.
The woman in the light blue sweater reached for a piece of paper and put it behind her
A woman wearing black jeans walked in with something in her hand and sat down
A man wearing a brown coat and a beige hat walked in
The man in the blue coat took a step back and looked back at the man in brown who had just entered the door.
The lights in the corridor suddenly became brighter
A woman in white holding a satchel and a man in black wearing black pants carrying water and a satchel entered from the left. The woman pressed the elevator door, the elevator door opened, and the two entered the elevator and the elevator closed.
The woman wearing glasses and white clothes put on a ring and put on another one and turned around to show
The woman in white picked up another ring and checked it.
The pink-clothed clerk took out a new one and put it on the table
The woman in black patted the woman in white
A woman in an orange top and black pants came out and arranged the clothes on the rack, walked to the edge of the shelf and squatted down
The lady repeatedly took out items and put them on the shelf, took the goods, looked at her phone, and repeated this.
The woman in orange clothes starts to shake her braids
The woman in orange clothes observed the environment in the store, walked to the other side of the shelf, and moved the stool to the corner
The woman passed through the left side of the shelf and walked towards the inside of the store.
The woman moved a box out and put it on the stool, opened the box, and kept tinkering with something.
In an office, three women are working and a man is sitting on a chair to rest
The woman in beige clothes raised her left hand to take care of her hair
The resting man stood up and the woman in gray started talking to the computer
The man turned to look at the window and then looked back at the woman in gray at the computer
Then the man began to lower his head and looked at his mobile phone
The man raised his head and looked at the computer of the woman in gray again and continued talking with the woman in gray
Two women are sitting opposite each other in a shop. There is a lot of traffic on the road outside the shop. The woman in purple is picking out her ears in front of the counter.
The dog on the ground appears in the camera and then turns away from the camera.
The woman in pink clothes behind the counter got up and walked around to the counter with her mobile phone.
The woman in pink raised her left hand to take care of her hair while making a phone call and walked to the sofa at the entrance of the store.
The woman in pink sat on the sofa and started making phone calls and doing her hair
The woman in pink hung up the phone, crossed her legs, straightened her face, and started playing with her phone
A man and a woman drove a motorcycle and stopped outside the store. The woman in pink looked at the two people outside the store.
The woman on the motorcycle got off the motorcycle, the dog appeared from the camera and walked towards the door of the store. The woman in pink on the sofa greeted the two warmly and unlocked the door.
The woman in pink opened the door of the shop. The woman in purple turned to look at the shop. Outside the shop, the woman took care of her hair with her hands and started talking to the woman in pink.
Outside the store, a woman in green clothes and a man in white stripes entered the store. The woman in green clothes sat on the sofa to take care of her hair, and the woman in pink clothes closed the store door.
The man in white stripes walked to the woman in green and touched his hair. He looked down at his clothes and turned to look at the woman in purple.
The woman in pink clothes is making a call on her mobile phone next to the door of the store. The woman in green clothes and the woman in purple clothes are looking at the woman in pink clothes. The man in white stripes is taking care of his hair. The dog is shaking in front of the man in white stripes. Tail, man stretches out his hand to tease the dog
The woman in pink was sitting on the sofa making a phone call, and then the camera switched to a woman wearing a bamboo hat and holding a bicycle outside the store.
A man and a woman passing by in an electric car next to the woman wearing a bamboo hat, then six electric cars passed by, a blue car and two electric cars passed by, the woman was packing her belongings behind the bicycle
A black car passed by the woman, followed by two electric cars and a bicycle.
Several electric vehicles passed by the woman in the bamboo hat. The woman walked towards the door of the store with her things and looked into the store.
A man holding a red umbrella passed by on the road. Several electric vehicles passed by the man, and then the man left the camera range.
The woman in a bamboo hat opened the store door and gave the things to the clerk, then closed the door and left, returning to the bicycle to sort out the items.
The male clerk opened the door and stretched out his hand to give the item to the woman in the bamboo hat. The woman in the bamboo hat accepted it and took out the currency from her clothes and gave it to the male clerk.
The male clerk closed the store door. At this time, several motor vehicles and non-motor vehicles passed by the road.
The woman in a bamboo hat was packing the items on her bicycle. During this period, several motor vehicles passed by, and then the woman in a bamboo hat left with the cart.
During this period, several motor vehicles and non-motor vehicles passed by, and then the camera switched to an electric vehicle parked outside the store.
There are several motor vehicles and non-motor vehicles passing by on the road next to the electric vehicle.
Then the camera switches to the store. Three men are in the store. The man in white is sitting on the sofa, the man in blue is standing in front of the counter, and the man in blue and white is standing in front of the store.
The three men looked at the TV on the wall. The man in blue put his hand on the counter. The man in blue and white walked to the counter. The man in white took off his slippers.
The man in blue found the woman in the bamboo hat outside the store, opened the door immediately, accepted the items sent by the woman in the bamboo hat and put them on the counter. The man in white was sitting cross-legged on the sofa. The man in blue and white turned around and sat on the sofa with blue. Man in clothes talking and drinking water
The man in blue opens the shop door and trades with the woman in the bamboo hat, and closes the shop door after completion
The three men started talking. The man in blue moved his right hand and walked to the counter to watch TV and continued to talk to the man in blue and white.
The man in blue and white clothes stood up on the sofa and walked towards the counter. The man in white clothes put on his slippers and sat on the sofa. The man in blue and white clothes turned around and walked towards the store door. After talking to the man in white clothes, he sat down and the three of them watched again. TV set,
Two women in the electric vehicle sales department, woman b is looking at the computer in front of the counter, woman a is standing in front of the box
Woman b is sitting on a chair looking for something, the camera angle moves, and woman a is packaging the box
The camera angle moves to the innermost position. A man comes down the stairs and gives the white paper in his hand to one of the women at the edge of the angle of view.
The camera angle moves again, the man bends down to put something, and then leaves
A silver car is driving forward on the road. Black jeeps are parked on the right side on both sides of the road, and white roof jeeps are parked on the left side. The silver car stops at the intersection.
The silver car then continued to drive forward. A white car drove opposite the silver car and then disappeared out of the camera.
A truck turned right at the intersection and entered the road. A passerby passed by the black jeep on the right, approached the camera range in the same direction as the white car, and then left the camera range.
A woman in pink passed by, turned right at a complicated intersection and disappeared.
A man in white clothes puts the cup on the plate on the counter in the restaurant
Then the man in white moved the plate and opened the black box under the counter
The man in white put the ice cubes in the box into the cup and then closed the box
After closing the box, the man in white put down his hand and lowered his head to look at the ground, then left immediately
A female clerk is leaning on the counter in the restaurant, and several diners are eating
The female clerk put her hands behind her back and put them in front of her
A customer in blue walked out of the corner of the restaurant and walked towards the female clerk, who immediately stood up
The customer in blue stopped pacing and then turned around. The customer in blue and the female clerk looked outside the restaurant at the same time
The female clerk turned her head back, the customer in blue paced back and forth, turned around and entered the blind spot of the camera, the female clerk continued to lean on the counter
The female clerk turned sideways, talked to the clerk at the counter, and put her toes on the ground
A bald customer got up, walked straight out of the restaurant, and left the restaurant
The female clerk raised her hand to support her chin, got up and walked into the restaurant
The bald customer returned to the counter, chatted with the clerk at the counter, and then left the restaurant
In the back kitchen of the restaurant, a bald guest was talking to a man in white and a woman in black. Then the man in white and the bald guest left, and the woman in black stood there.
At this time, a woman in white came in and washed her hands at the sink.
At this time, the man in white returned to the kitchen, walked to the table, talked to the woman in white, wiped his face with paper and then threw the paper into the trash can.
The man in white approached the woman in black and touched her nose with his hand, then walked to the table and talked to the woman in black
The woman in black reached out to the face of the man in white. The man in white smiled and walked past the woman in black and wiped her face with her arm.
The man in white took out two bottles of white items, one was placed on the table, and the other was squeezing on the plate on the table next to the sink. The woman in black and the woman in white were watching.
The man in white finished the operation and showed it to the two women. Then the woman in black left the kitchen and the woman in white put the white items back
The man in white was playing with the stove, and the woman in white was leaning on the sink. The woman in black came in and went to get something from the cabinet. The man in white took his hat and left the kitchen.
The woman in black picked up the white bottle and squeezed it on the plate on the table. The woman in white looked on, and then the man in white poked his head out.
A man in pink clothes near the restaurant counter approaches to drink water, a man in blue clothes sits on the seat next to the counter, and a man in dark blue clothes stands next to the counter
The man in pink walked to the side and looked at the restaurant with one hand on his hip
The man in dark blue walked to the counter to talk to the man in pink
A man in red walked towards the counter from the corner of the restaurant. He bent down in front of the counter and put down his things. He stood up and gave the man in pink something to the counter.
The man in red immediately cleared the table. The three of them looked at him. The man in blue stood up and walked to the corner of the restaurant. The man in dark blue came out of the counter and looked out.
The man in red and the man in dark blue walked into the counter, and the three began to look for things
In an abandoned factory, a staff member pushes a cart carrying items
The staff reached out to open the door and unload the items
The staff turned the cart and the cart left the factory
In a store, there is a man in white and a woman in black and white sitting on the sofa outside the counter.
A woman in red came into the store, and a man in stripes came out of the store.
The man in striped clothes put his hand on the counter and then took it back. The woman in red stretched out her hand and pressed it against the wall. The man in white got up and put his hand on the counter.
The woman in red turned around and put her hand on the counter, then sat on the sofa and talked to the woman in black and white. The man in white used a pen to write on the paper on the counter, and the man in stripes watched.
A man in a white hat walked out of the counter, put his hand on the counter, then turned around and looked for something behind
The man in white took something from the red box on the counter and continued to write on the paper. The man in white hat continued to look for something. The man in stripes played with the items in his hand. Then the man in white cat found the paper and turned around.
The camera switches to the counter. The man in the white hat is sitting on the bench looking at the computer, and then supports his chin with his hand.
The man in the white hat turned around, touched his knees with his left hand, and put his hands on his crotch
The man in the white hat stood up and moved the bench away with his feet, and then walked out of the camera range
The camera switches to the store. The man in the white hat is sitting at the counter and looking at the computer. The woman in red walks out of the door to the counter, and then walks out of the camera range.
The man in the white hat turned his head, then looked back, stood up and faced the counter, walked to the door and took out the food on the counter with his hands to eat
The scene switches to the counter. The man in the white hat is sitting on the bench. The woman in red walks out of the door. Outside the counter, the man in white and the woman in black and white are sitting on the sofa. The woman in red is sitting on the sofa. Turn around and put your hands on the counter
The man in white got up and put his hand on the counter. Then the man in white hat got up and walked to the counter.
There are three clerks and several customers in a store. A clerk walks out of the camera and hands the receipt to the customer in black with ponytail.
The clerk in white stretched out his hand and handed the card to the customer in yellow hat, and the customer in yellow hat gave the item to the clerk
The clerk started to tidy up, then turned and left
The store door was pushed open and a customer in green came in.
The woman in black with ponytail talks to the clerk,
The man next to him turned around and bent down to lift the box. The woman in black with ponytail gave way to the man, and then the man opened the door and left.
The clerk hands the items to the yellow hat customer,
The yellow hat customer put the items away, handed the coins to the clerk, and the clerk left again
Two clerks at the counter started talking, and the clerk who left came back with a green box.
The screen switches to three clerks at the counter. Several customers outside are talking to the clerks. The woman handing the phone to the clerk, and the man in the blue hat accidentally pushes his coins off the counter.
The clerk helped pick it up and returned it to the man in the blue hat. The man in the blue hat took the child and left the store.
The woman in purple outside the counter raised her hand and threw the green item out of the door, then lowered her head. The pink-clothed clerk gave the item to the pink-hatted customer. The customer paid the coin, and the clerk took it and turned away from the camera.
A woman in black and white clothes walked outside the door, put her hand on the counter and talked to the clerk in blue. The clerk in pink gave the customer in pink hat money, and the customer in pink hat then left.
The clerk returned the mobile phone to the woman who distributed it, and the woman who distributed it immediately checked and talked with the clerk.
The clerk in blue put the items on the counter, and the woman in black and white dug into her pocket. He handed the coins to the clerk in blue, who then left.
The clerk in red placed the item in front of the woman who was distributing it and explained it to her
The woman in black and white took away the items from the counter and left the store. The clerk in red left the camera after explaining the explanation. The female customer in purple stood up outside the counter and left the store.
A woman in white entered the store and went to the counter to ask the clerk in pink. The clerk in pink then left. A man in a black hat entered the store to ask, and the clerk in blue helped him check the items he wanted.
The clerk in blue handed the item to the man in black hat. The female customer in purple returned to the store. The man in black hat paid the coins, took the item and left.
The pink-clothed clerk handed the black bag to the woman in white. The woman in white handed the card to the pink-clothed clerk. The pink-clothed clerk left the camera and the woman in white put the black bag into her own bag.
A man in a helmet and a man in stripes entered the store. They talked with the clerk. Then the man in the helmet handed the coins to the clerk in blue, and the clerk in blue went to look for the goods.
The woman in white handed the card to the clerk in red. The clerk in pink then handed the coins to the woman in white, and then the woman in white left the store.
The woman in blue handed the item to the man in the helmet, and the man took it and left immediately
The woman in white entered the store again to inquire. The clerk in red handed the items to the man in stripes. After the clerk in pink handed the mask to the woman in white, the woman in white left the store.
The man in striped clothes looked at the items at the counter, then took out the coins to pay, took the items and turned around to leave the store
There are no customers in the store, and the clerk starts talking
A woman entered the store with her child in her arms and handed the items to the clerk in blue. The clerk in blue sorted the items while the woman waited to pay the coins.
The screen switches to a store. The clerk is cleaning the store. A jeans clerk is packaging the items. Then he gets up and picks up a pen to write on the packaged items.
The man in gray clothes walked past the jeans clerk, put on his shoes, and left the camera's field of view
A woman in purple appears in the camera and then leaves the camera's field of view
The man in gray came back, took off his shoes and walked past the woman in jeans to look for something in the store
A man in yellow pants entered the field of view. The woman in jeans placed the packaged items. The woman in purple appeared in the field of view. The woman in jeans continued to write on the packaged items with a pen.
The woman in purple finds items from the drawer, opens the paper, and the woman in jeans organizes the items
A woman in white carrying a box walked towards the store and stepped past the woman in jeans, put the box down and entered the counter. The man in gray put on his shoes and walked out.
A man in a blue and white hat walked into the store and reached for the packaged items
There are several people in a store. The female clerk inside the counter raises her hand to arrange her hair. Outside the counter, the woman a in red pats her head with her hands and arranges her hair. The woman in red b talks to the people around her.
A male clerk in blue came to the counter, sorted the items with his hands, and then left
The female clerk and the woman a in red are talking, and the man in white is standing on the counter with his hands clasped together.
The woman b in red left. At this time, the male clerk in white came back and started talking to the man in black hat in front of the counter. The woman c in red took a chair and sat next to the woman a in red. The man in black hat leaves
The woman b in red comes back and immediately leaves the camera. The woman c in red takes the items on the counter to herself.
A black and white striped female clerk, a white male clerk, and several customers. The man in the helmet pushed the paper to the black and white striped female clerk, and the female clerk opened the drawer and rummaged
The man in the helmet looked at the note. The woman in red next to the man in the helmet wrote something on the paper and talked with the man in the helmet. Then the man put the note back on the counter.
The man in yellow is talking to the male clerk in white in front of the counter, the female clerk in black and white stripes is playing with her mobile phone, the woman in red is writing next to the man in the helmet, then takes back the pen and reads the book
The woman in red clips the blue paper in the book to the next page. The black and white striped female clerk hands the item to the little girl next to the man in yellow. The little girl accepts it and holds it in her hand. in hand.
The black and white striped female clerk and the woman in red exchange paper, the man in the helmet points to the paper prompt
The black and white striped woman put away the paper and turned around, then the screen jumped
The screen jumps to directly above the counter, and the wind blows the paper on the counter
The screen jumps to the cabinet with several items placed
A woman in red passes by the cabinet
The screen continues to be still, and then starts to switch screens
There are several non-motorized vehicles under the lens
A man in black passed by the vehicle and then disappeared from the camera range
The screen switches to the factory, a worker is working
The screen switches to an empty workstation
The screen switches to a shirtless man working
The man switched tools to continue working
The screen switches to two shirtless men working
In a store, the staff on the left side of the camera are talking to the staff on the right side. Two staff members on the opposite side are sorting items, and a man in black is leaning against the cabinet.
The staff on the left left the screen. A clerk appeared on the opposite side and walked towards the man in black. The staff on the left returned to the screen.
The man in black turned his head, stood up and put his right hand on the cabinet. The staff on the left walked to the opposite workbench.
The man in black bent down to pick up the handbag and then walked out the door
The man in black stopped to talk to someone. The staff opposite returned to his work station and sat down to start working. The man in black then left.
In the factory, two black workers are working, and a worker in blue overalls walks to the box behind them
The staff in blue overalls began to work by themselves, and a staff member in black clothes in the distance got up to carry items.
The staff in blue overalls bent over to inspect the goods, the black staff in the lower left corner began to work, the staff began to disassemble the goods, the black staff in the lower left corner walked to the box to work
In a room, a man in blue and a man in black were talking, and a woman in pink was watching.
The man in black raised his hand to express, and the man in blue took a step back
The man in black raised his hand high, attracting the attention of the man in blue, and continued the conversation
The camera covers all three people. The woman in pink is still watching the man in black and the man in blue talking.
The man in black put his hand down, raised it again, and talked with the man in blue. The man in blue held his chin and fell into deep thought.
The man in black clapped his hands with his right fist and left palm and continued talking to the man in blue
Two staff members in the car wash room are waiting for the vehicle to enter
A red car enters the car wash room
The staff then aimed the nozzle at the car and started flushing, then stopped
After the car drove in, the staff waved to prompt them to move forward.
The car then entered the car wash room
A man with a mustache is speaking
Counter service personnel communicate with customers, children line up waiting for the teacher to check their name badges
The mustached man is speaking
Switch to a curly-haired man talking
A man in white got out of the van and walked towards the room carrying a bag. Three men were in the room, and the middle man was talking on his mobile phone.
The curly-haired man is talking
The man in white is working
Curly-haired man talking
Bald man talking
Children are playing in front of the teacher and playing basketball in the gym
Bald man talking
Children playing table hockey
Talk to the bald man
The bald man in black looks at the screen and points his finger at the screen while talking to the man with eyes
Bald man talking
A man talks
A man in white short sleeves is working
The mustachioed man is talking
A woman is working in the office, a man in black is holding a green box and looking at the door, the woman is talking to the man on the computer
The man starts talking
Curly-haired man talking
The man in white short sleeves is installing the camera. There are several people working in the office, and the three of them are walking back and forth.
curly-haired man talking
Bald man talking
A man in a white hat installs a camera on the wall, and the teacher is teaching the children to do their homework
Bald man talking
Curly-haired man talking
There are three men in the room. Among them, the man in black is standing and talking, and then leaves. In the basketball hall, children are playing basketball, and the man in white short-sleeved shirts is working.
curly-haired man talking
Mustache man talking
In the room, the woman in black at the counter left the counter, the bald man leaned on the counter, and the woman in stripes walked towards the door
The man starts talking
Two girls are playing games on the computer, a little boys focused expression close-up
The man starts talking
Two women looked at each other, the woman in black with ponytail was counting money
The woman in black with ponytail began to store coins and closed the cash box
There were several people in the restaurant. After the female clerk in black ponytail talked with the clerk a next to him, the clerk passed behind her
The clerks are working one after another, and the customers are talking and walking around
Staff a is a female clerk in black ponytail walking back and forth to send tickets to customers
The store door was pushed open, a woman entered the store and started ordering food. During this period, clerk a prepared food for the customer on the left side of the table.
A clerk and several customers in a supermarket, a child holding a box walked towards the store door and left
Customers walked back and forth, two women and a man left
The clerk turned around and leaned against the cabinet at the back, then walked to the counter
A customer in brown clothes bent over to check the products, a man in black approached the customer in brown clothes, and a bald customer came to the counter to check out
A child opened the door and ran into the store quickly, while two customers gathered around to look at the products.
After the bald man finished paying, a man in blue started to check out. The door was pushed open and a customer came in. The bald customer left. The child moved the box and the adult carrying the box behind left. Yellow-haired customer chooses products at the counter
Customers in brown clothes came to check out, the man in black left, the man with yellow hair entered the supermarket, and a father and son were waiting to check out.
The customer in brown clothes left after checking out. The father and son started to check out. The little boy opened the door again and entered the supermarket. The clerk turned around to get something.
A staff member in the screen is sorting items
A man in blue appeared in the corridor. A staff member came from the right side of the video and entered the workstation. The man went straight to the door and stopped to look at his mobile phone.
The man put away his mobile phone, put on his hat, opened the door and left
The staff in the office were working, and a staff member walked out of the video range
A man in black entered the office and entered the corner room
The distribution staff left the video range and then came back to open the drawer, look for items and leave again
The computer on the left side of the workbench was turned off. A man in plaid clothes walked to the workbench and handed the paper to the staff. The two began to talk, and the clerk turned on the computer to operate.
A clerk and several customers in the supermarket. The door was pushed open. The two customers entered the store and then left the camera range.
The female customer opened the door and left after checking out, and the male customer in the white hat started to check out.
A woman enters the field of view from the upper right corner of the video and passes one of the two customers who pushed the door in before leaving the field of view of the camera.
A customer starts to check out, and a clerk enters the counter to check the counter
A woman in black enters a store with a cart
A customer in pink clothes enters the store
A customer in blue bypasses the customer in pink and walks into the store
A customer in gray leaves the store with a bag, followed closely by a female customer in black
The customer in blue got the cart and the customer in pink entered the store one after another. At this time, two more customers entered the store and the cart entered the store.
A female customer in black left the store with a cart, and two customers behind her left one after another. A customer in purple entered the store, and the cart entered the store.
Two customers entered the store, got the cart and entered the store
A man in black entered the store and walked straight into the store
A female customer left the store with a bag, and the children in the store ran away and the adults were chasing them.
Two customers in the supermarket, the customer in yellow is touching his head, and the customer in black is squatting down
The customer in black stood up and walked to the shelf to check the products. The customer in yellow followed closely and stretched out his hand to check the products.
The customer in black walked past the customer in yellow and walked out of the camera's field of view, followed closely by the customer in yellow
Two customers in the upper right corner are selecting products. A bald customer walks towards the shelf with a cart and walks out of the camera's field of view.
Three customers walked by in the upper left corner of the video and then disappeared behind the shelves
Two more customers walked behind the shelf
A customer pushes a cart into the camera's field of view, then leaves at the corner and returns to another shelf to select products.
There are several customers in a store. The customers are walking back and forth, and the clerks are checking out.
A customer in black checked the product and then two more customers checked the product
Two customers left one after another, and the customer in black was still choosing
In the lower left corner, a man in blue and a woman in black enter the supermarket, talking and selecting products.
A guest pushed a baby car and left immediately followed by two guests
Customers in black changed sides to select products, and two customers left the supermarket one after another.
The customer in black pulled out the cart and then continued to select the goods. The customer in red stood next to the cart and watched.
Three customers are entering a store
A female customer left, and then two more customers left. A customer in white went straight into the store, a customer in blue left, and a female customer entered with a baby in a stroller shop
The customer in white walked out of the store and passed by a customer in black who was entering the store. Then the customer in white went to pull the cart
A customer in white robe walked out of the store to pull the cart, and the customer in white robe pushed the cart into the store
A female customer left the store with a cart, and a customer in white robe entered the store with a cart in turn.
A customer carrying a crossbody bag entered the store with a cart, and a male customer who passed by her left the store.
In a two-story shopping mall, people are walking in the corridor. In the lower right corner of the video, a man in blue and a man in red stand looking down.
The man in blue and the man in red moved their seats forward and then leaned against the armrest. People walked by one after another.
The man in the blue hat talks to the man in gray, and the gray-haired man walks to the upper left of the video.
The man in the blue hat is standing next to the printer, and the gray-haired man is standing next to the table in the upper left corner of the screen.
The gray-haired man walked from the upper left corner of the screen to the lower left corner of the video, and a man in black appeared in the upper right corner of the screen.
The gray-haired man and the black man leave from the bottom left of the video, and the man in the blue hat is sorting files on the printer.
The man in the blue hat organizes the blue folders on the printer and writes on them.
In a corridor, three children walked toward the depth of the video, followed by a woman with a camera.
A man in shorts appears in the lower left corner of the screen and walks towards the depths of the video.
The man in shorts walked to the front and met the woman holding the camera and the three children, and walked toward the bottom of the video together.
In a market, there is a woman in a skirt sorting things in the stall on the right side of the screen, and people are passing by one after another.
A blond woman walked from the bottom of the video to the woman in the skirt, looked at the stall, and then left.
People passed by the booth one after another, and a man in black walked from the bottom of the video to the booth on the left side of the video.
The woman in the skirt left the screen on the right side of the screen, and people passed by the stall one after another.
Scattered people passed by the screen and then left the screen.
A man wearing a peaked cap entered the shop on the left.
The woman in white enters from the left side of the screen, looks around and then enters the shop on the left. Three men enter from the bottom of the video and look at the shop on the right.
In the right stall, two men in black and a woman in skirts are talking to the shop.
While the two men in black and the woman in skirts were talking to the shop, the woman in white walked out of the shop on the left and joined the conversation.
The four people left each other, and people passed by one after another in the market.
The blond man entered the shop on the left and called the people in the shop on the left.
A cleaning lady appeared from the bottom of the video and walked to the right side of the shop to stop.
The cleaning staff put down the bucket and left the video from the lower left corner, and returned to the video center after a while. People are passing through the market one after another.
The cleaning staff mops the floor in the video center, wiping from below the video to the video center.
The cleaning staff wiped the floor to the booth on the left, and people continued to pass by.
The cleaning staff kept cleaning the floor with a mop. Someone walked by during this period, and finally the cleaning staff left.
The man in black walked from the left side of the video to the store on the left, hugged the clerk on the left, and then left. Many passers-by passed by during the period.
In a store, in the upper left corner of the video, a man in blue is standing in front of the counter sorting things.
In a shop, there are two men standing at the bottom left side, standing at the counter.
A blond woman entered the store and came to the counter, talking to two men.
From the lower left corner of the video, the woman in blue walks out and walks to the computer on the right side of the video.
From the upper left of the video, a man in white enters and observes the shelves on the left.
In an office, a man in white and a woman were sitting and chatting.
A woman in red appears on the right side of the video passing by.
A man in pink clothes is choosing something in a store.
The video turns to the right side, and the two women are picking things.
The video turns to the right side. Two men are chatting in front of the counter in the upper left corner of the video.
In a workplace, a man sits on a chair in the center of the video to say hello, and then a man appears on the left side of the video and returns to the seat in the upper left corner of the video.
The man on the upper left is sitting on a chair, dismantling the express delivery, and taking out a small white box.
In an office, a man in blue walked past the video holding a push of paper.
The man in white is organizing the table on the left side of the video, and the woman in the center of the video is reading documents.
The orange man enters from the right side of the video and walks out from the left side of the video.
The man in white on the left side of the video walks from the center of the video to the left side of the video.
A man in white walked by holding a black object as tall as a person.
Enter the left side of the video and two men holding a push of books enter the office and exit from the right side of the video.
Men in orange and men in blue passed the office on the right side one after another.
A man holding something enters and exits from the left side of the video and exits from the right side of the video.
Many people pass by one after another, and the woman in white leaves from the left side of the video in the distance.
It was raining on the road, many people passed by holding umbrellas, and various motor vehicles passed by.
On a section of the road, there are many electric vehicles and cars passing by.
A man in white looked around to avoid vehicles and walked to the right across the motorway.
Another man in white looked around and walked down the right side of the motorway to avoid passing vehicles.
In a shop in the mall, a man in black holding a book enters the video from the right side of the video.
A man in white came out of the shop on the left and left
The man in black looks left and right, then leaves from the right side of the video.
A man in white walked straight from the left and entered the shop on the left.
In an office, a man in white is holding a box from the upper side of the video to the lower side of the video.
The man in white returns to the screen to communicate with the man on the upper right side of the screen.
The man in white enters the screen from the upper right door and walks to the computer desk on the left side of the screen.
A man in blue walks into the screen from the bottom of the video, communicates with the man in white, and then leaves the same way.
Office night image video.
In a shop, a woman in a skirt holding something appears on the right side of the video, and then goes out from the left side of the video.
The woman in the skirt returned to the screen and moved from the left side of the video to the right side of the video and out of the screen.
The woman in the skirt moves from the right side of the screen to the left side of the screen and walks out of the screen.
The man on the left side of the video in an office is sitting and looking at documents on the table.
A man in red walked out of the door above the video and walked to the seat on the right side of the video.
At the bottom right of the video, a veiled woman walked to the bottom left and sat down to fill in something. A man followed and stood next to him.
In a kitchen, the man in white on the left side of the video is washing the dishes, and the man in black on the right side of the video is washing the dishes.
The man in white on the left side of the picture walked to the cupboard at the back, put things in and then returned to the original place to continue washing things.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walked to the back cabinet and put it at the highest point of the cabinet. The man in black on the right walked to the depth of the video and then left the video.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walked deeper into the screen to tidy up the desktop.
The man in white on the left side of the screen wipes the white object with a cloth.
The man in white on the left side of the screen sends the things to the room deep in the video, and then returns to the original position.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walks to the pool on the right side of the screen with something in his hand.
The man in white on the right side of the screen leaves from the door on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the right side of the screen enters the screen, lowering his head to organize things.
The man in white on the right side of the screen walks to the pool on the right side of the screen.
The man on the right side of the screen bends to get something below.
The man on the right side of the screen straightened up after taking the things and washed them in the sink.
In an office, four people are sitting on chairs on the right side of the screen working, and a man in black is standing on the left side of the screen.
The man in black on the left walked to the bottom of the video and then left.
The man in black enters the screen at the bottom of the video, walks to the upper left, and walks around, observing the surroundings.
The person in the upper right corner has been working.
At a roadside, a man in green and a man in orange enter the screen from the lower right corner of the screen.
The two men then walked deeper into the screen and left the video.
Four men appear at the top of the video and one man appears at the bottom of the screen, greeting each other and then leaving.
Two people pass through the top of the video and then leave from the bottom of the screen.
On the roadside at night, a small number of vehicles passed by. Three men appeared at the top of the screen and then left from the top of the screen.
There are three people sitting in an office. The screen slowly zooms in towards the center of the screen and aims at some boxes.
The screen shrinks back to its original appearance, and the bald head in the lower right corner looks out to the right side of the screen.
Zoom the screen to the center of the screen and aim at some cartons.
The picture is reduced to the original state. The man on the left is looking at the computer, and the bald man is looking at something again.
The screen is reduced and then enlarged. A man in red walks into the left side of the screen and walks to the lower right side of the video to check the box.
On a roadside, a white car stopped near the video, and three cars stopped on the upper right side of the screen.
A red jeep slowly drove past on the road, from the upper right side of the screen to the lower right side of the screen.
A white car passes by on the road from the upper right side of the screen to the lower right side of the screen.
A white car passes by on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
A blue car passes by on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
A white car passes by on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
I tried a white car and a red pickup truck on the road, from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
A brown car passes by on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
A white car passes by on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
A red motorcycle passed by on the road.
A white car passes by on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
A red jeep drives past on the road from the upper side to the lower right side of the screen.
No vehicles pass this road.
A white vehicle passed by on the road.
A red jeep drove by on the road.
A black jeep drove by on the road.
A pedestrian walked by on the road, and a white vehicle drove by.
A white vehicle drove by
A fat man wearing a blue shirt walked by
White vehicle passes by.
In a gas station, a man in black appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the car in the center of the screen.
There is a man in black in the lower left corner of the screen, walking towards the left side of the screen.
Two men in black were messing around at the gas station platform
The three cars parked at the front left one after another, and a waiting white car drove into the center of the screen.
The white car on the left side of the screen drives to the middle and lower part of the screen and stops.
In the upper left corner of an office sits a man wearing a plaid shirt, moving his legs from time to time.
The man in plaid shirt kicked his legs and crossed his legs.
The man in the plaid shirt lowers his legs.
A man in gray picked up something and put it on the cabinet on the left side of the screen, and then left.
Stop some cars on the left side of the screen on a road.
A man in black appears at the top of the screen and leaves towards the bottom of the screen, and a man in gray appears at the bottom of the screen and leaves towards the depth of the screen.
A man appears on the right side of the screen holding an object and moves to the lower left of the screen, then disappears.
A man appears on the upper right side of the screen and moves away to the lower left side of the screen.
The screen shows three people passing by with luggage.
In a factory building, materials are placed inside, and the workers on the left walk back and forth from time to time.
In a supermarket, two women were standing in front of the counter and a man was sitting at the counter.
The woman in blue asked the man at the counter for something, and then put it in a bag.
The woman in red gave the money to the man at the counter and left the video screen.
Three women came to the top of the screen, stood in front of the counter to buy items, and then left from the left side of the screen.
The woman in blue in the lower left corner of the screen moves to the top of the screen and then leaves.
In a supermarket, a man in gray clothes was pacing in place while looking at the cabinet on the right side of the screen.
After the man in gray took two items from the shelf, he discussed a few words with the man in the lower right corner and left.
There are four people in an office, one person is standing and three people are sitting.
The standing man in white is communicating with the seated man in white in the lower left corner of the video, the woman in yellow in the lower right corner is listening, and the man in blue is sitting and writing.
The exchange between the standing man in white and the seated man in white is very stimulating. The woman in yellow looks straight ahead.
The standing man in white communicates with the seated man in white. The woman in yellow in the lower right corner of the screen looks at the standing man in white.
The standing man in white pointed forward and took a drink of water.
The standing man in white put down his water glass and turned to look to the left side of the video.
The man standing in white turned to look at the woman in yellow and communicated with her.
A woman appears at the bottom of the screen handing documents to a man in white.
The man standing in white looked at the document and looked for a pen to write something on it.
The man standing in white clothes was holding a document in his hand and communicating with several people sitting there. The man in blue clothes looked at the man in white clothes standing there.
The standing man in white is communicating with others, holding a pen and pointing at the document in his hand.
A man holding something appears at the top of the screen.
The man who took the thing entered the house and put the thing next to the table.
After taking the things, the man put the helmet on the table far away, and then walked towards the man in white standing.
The man holding something walked towards the standing man in white and sat down.
A red car appears in the center of the video, and there are two pedestrians walking in the upper right corner of the video
An old man wearing a white lining and an old man wearing a blue coat walked to the center of the video and continued to move forward and lost vision.
A person holding a dog wearing a red hat, an old man wearing a yellow and black coat, an old man wearing a blue and white coat walked into the center of the video, and the person holding the dog passed by wearing a yellow and black coat The old man in the blue and white coat disappeared in the video one after another.
A man in white half-sleeves and a woman in white half-sleeves holding a child walked from the top of the video to the center of the video. They continued to move forward and then lost vision.
A man in a blue hoodie, walking with a man in a black hoodie and glasses, lost vision after walking forward
A man wearing an orange coat and black sunglasses, holding many documents in his hand, walked from the center of the video to the lower right, took off his black sunglasses, and then a man in a white shirt appeared , the two of them talk together
The man in the orange coat hands one of the documents in his hand to the man in the white shirt
The two started chatting and pointing towards the road. There were several vehicles passing on the road.
The person wearing a red hat at the bottom of the video takes paper from the printer many times while using the computer. The man in black at the top of the video is sitting in place using the computer.
The man in red hat is writing something on the table and checking it against the computer
The red hat and the man in black use computers respectively, and the man in red hat checks against the computer
The man in black stood up, picked up the paper from the table and put it on the shelf against the wall. He sat back and the man in red hat continued to check.
The man in black also began to check the paper in his hand against the computer
The man in black picked up the paper on the table and stared at it for a while. The man in red hat continued to check.
There is a woman in black uniform on the left side of the video, she is looking through the files on the desktop
The woman in black uniform on the left, sitting opposite is a man in a brown shirt. In the center is a man in a black shirt, behind him is a man in a blue hat, opposite him is a man in black uniform, and above him is a man in a white shirt, they are talking to each other
The woman in black uniform on the right side of the video started to flip through the paper from the desktop. At this time, there was a person in the lower left corner of the video. He quickly appeared and then rolled out of the video range.
The man in a brown shirt takes out his mobile phone from his pocket
The man in a brown shirt handed the phone to the man in a white shirt
The man in the white shirt returns the phone to the man in the brown shirt
The man in the white shirt returns to his seat.
This is a man wearing a red shirt walking out from the right side of the video, walking to the left side of the video and sitting next to the woman in black uniform.
The woman in black uniform on the left organizes the papers on the desktop and hands them to the person in a brown shirt
The woman in black uniform on the left instructs the person in the brown shirt to fill out the paper. After writing a few sheets, the person in the hat turned around and talked to the person in the brown shirt.
The woman in the red top took something from under the table and handed it to the woman in black uniform on the left. During this period, the woman in black uniform on the right kept checking the paper.
The person wearing the hat, the person wearing the brown shirt, and the person wearing the black shirt chatted with each other. The woman in black uniform on the right turned around and talked to the person in the white shirt.
A man wearing black long sleeves walks into the video from the right side of the video. At this time, the man wearing a hat is about to get up.
The man in the hat moved a chair from the house to the black long-sleeved man. At the same time, the black long-sleeved man was talking to the woman in black uniform on the right
The man in black long sleeves sits down, the man in the hat talks to the man in red
The man in a brown shirt got up after writing the form, changed seats with a man wearing a hat and blue long sleeves outside the video, and walked to the bottom of the video
The woman in black uniform on the left side of the video gets up, and the man wearing a hat and blue long sleeves continues to fill in the paper
The woman in black uniform on the left side of the video got up and walked to the cabinet on the upper right side of the video, opened it and put the paper in
The woman in black uniform on the left side of the video took out the paper from the cabinet, rummaged through it, put it back in place, and returned to her seat.
The woman in black uniform on the left side of the video took out a green item from the pile of paper on the table and placed it on her right
The man wearing blue long sleeves asks the woman in black uniform on the left side of the video and continues to fill in
The man in the white shirt stood up, and the woman in black uniform on the right was sorting papers.
The man in the white shirt walked to the man in red, and the two talked
The man in the white shirt leaves the position of the man in red, and the man in blue long sleeves continues to fill in
The man in the hat stood up, and at the same time the man in the white shirt returned to his original seat.
The man in the hat walked out of the video range, and the woman in black uniform on the right stood up and walked to the cabinet behind her
The woman in black uniform on the right put the paper back into the cabinet and placed a black object on the table on the table to her right
While the woman in black uniform on the right is sorting the papers on the desktop, a man in a blue top walks in from the right side of the video.
The man in the blue shirt entered and walked to the table where the man in red was. Behind him was a man with a black knitted hat.
The person with the black knitted hat and the person with the blue hat walked out of the video after talking. At this time, a person wearing a red and white shirt walked out from the bottom of the video and also walked out of the video.
The woman in black uniform on the right sorts out the papers on the desktop and then goes to the cabinet behind her to rummage. The man in a blue top walks towards the door.
The woman in black uniform on the right took out a blue folder from the cabinet. The man in a blue shirt was walking near the door and talking to the man in the hat.
The person wearing a red and white top walked in from the right side of the video, walked to the left and disappeared. The man in red stood up, and the woman in black uniform on the right took out a blue file from the cabinet. folder
The man in red picked up the items from the table that the woman in black uniform on the right had placed on the table. The woman in black uniform on the right sat back down and the man in white shirt stood up.
The man in the blue shirt walked to the right side of the video and lost his vision. The man in the white shirt took some paper from the printer.
The man in the white shirt picked up something from the ground, and the man in blue long sleeves gave the paper to the woman in black uniform on the left side of the video
The man in the red and white shirt appears from the left side of the video and walks out of the video from the right side. The man in the white shirt puts the paper behind the printer and sits down.
The person in the red and white shirt appears from the right side of the video, then walks to the left and loses sight, then walks from the left to the center of the video
The man in red and white shirt walked to the table of the man in red. The man in brown shirt appeared from the left side of the video. He took the paper from the hand of the woman in black uniform on the left side of the video and came from the right side. Leave the screen, the person in the red and white shirt and the person in the blue shirt leave from the left side of the video
The woman in black uniform on the left walked to the cabinet above the video and put the paper in the last cabinet. At this time, the person in blue shirt appeared from the left side of the video
The person in blue shirt disappears from the right side, and the woman in black uniform on the left is ready to return to her seat
The woman in black uniform on the left returns to her seat and talks to the man in red, the man in the white shirt stands up, and the man in the knitted hat appears from the right side of the video
The man in the knitted hat walked from the right side of the video to the left and lost vision. The man in red handed it to the woman in black uniform on the left
The woman in black uniform on the right gets up, and the woman in black uniform on the left is sorting out information
The woman in black uniform on the right took the previous items from the table of the man in red and sat back down.
The man in the white shirt stood up and sorted the paper on the printer and desktop
The person wearing a down jacket appears from the right side of the video, communicates with the person in red indoors and walks out of the video from the right side
The person wearing a down jacket appears from the right side of the video and walks to the desk of the woman in black uniform on the left
The man in the white shirt is sorting the paper. The man in the red shirt and the woman in black uniform on the left are chatting and sorting the paper.
The man in the knitted hat appears on the right side of the video and walks to the desk of the woman in black uniform on the left. The man in the white shirt puts a red paper on the table and leaves.
The man in the white shirt returns to his seat
The man in the knitted hat walks out of the video from the right side, and the man in the black shirt and the person wearing down leave from the right side of the video in sequence
On the left side of the video, there is a person wearing a green top and a person wearing brown trousers. This is a person wearing a black half-sleeve who walked out from the left side of the video. People in the car Lay out a pile of goods
The man in black half-sleeves carries the goods arranged in the carriage
The man in black half-sleeves walks out from the left side of the video carrying goods
A fat man appeared from the left side of the video, took two small goods from the carriage and placed them in the cargo pile on the left side of the video and left from the left side of the video
People in the carriage are stacking goods. At this time, the fat man on the left side of the video walks out, talks to the people in the carriage, and then walks to the pile of goods on the left
A green car drives out of the video from the right side of the video. There are several electric vehicles on the road.
A white truck enters the video from the right and quickly disappears from the video. There are several electric vehicles on the road.
After a white car, followed by a silver seven-seater car and a green car, they drove out of the video from the right side of the video.
A black car and a brown car drive past each other and exit the video
A blue truck drives in from the left side of the video and quickly exits the video
The black pickup truck entered from the left and quickly exited from the right
A white car, white truck, and blue truck enter the video from the left and then quickly exit the video from the right
In the video, there are two people wearing plaid shirts and two people wearing white shirts. One is on the left side of the plaid shirt and the other is on the opposite side. They are both working on the desktop.
A man in a white shirt with green stripes came up from the top of the video and took an item from the table of the man in a white shirt on the left side of the plaid shirt, and then walked out from above the video.
In the video, there are people wearing plaid shirts and two people wearing white shirts. One is on the left side of the plaid shirt, and the other is on the opposite side. Both are working on the table, and they are on the right side of the man in the plaid shirt. An arm in a plaid shirt appears
A man in black pants appears at the top of the video walking by, a man in a pink plaid shirt, a man in a red plaid shirt, and a man in a red and white plaid shirt using a computer
The man in the pink plaid shirt talks back to the man in the red plaid shirt
A man wearing a black top and a crossbody bag walks into the store, and the woman in blue clothes on the right side of the video talks to him
The man wearing a black shirt and a cross-body bag walked into the second floor and lost sight, and the woman in blue clothes on the right was organizing the shelves.
The woman in blue clothes on the right is sitting on the ladder alone wiping and organizing several shelves on the right side of the video
The woman in blue clothes on the right opens the cabinet door and wipes the items inside and then closes the cabinet door
The woman in blue clothes on the right continues to wipe the cabinet door and gaps alone
A woman with yellow hair, a woman in a black dress, a child in a white shirt sitting behind the counter appear in the video, and a man with orange half-sleeves appears in the lower right corner of the video
The woman in the black long skirt sits on the stool in the center of the video, the child in the white shirt walks to the top of the video, the orange half-sleeved man talks to the yellow-haired woman
A little boy wearing a white shirt is walking in a circle around the black sofa chair.
The yellow-haired woman walked to the clothes rack, the orange half-sleeved man walked into the counter and looked at the papers in the folder, and the child in the white shirt was walking in the store.
The yellow-haired woman walks to the counter and talks to the orange half-sleeved man, the woman in the black long skirt leaves the video from the left, the child in the white shirt picks up the clothes placed on the stool
The yellow-haired woman and the orange half-sleeved man left the counter to check the clothes, the child put down the clothes, and the woman in the black long skirt returned to the central seat
The yellow-haired woman and the orange-half-sleeved man returned to the counter. The orange-half-sleeved man began to rummage for things, and the woman in the black long skirt took something out of the pink bag.
The orange half-sleeved man found a fan note from the bottom of the counter. After opening it, he opened it and checked it with the yellow-haired woman. The yellow-haired woman was responsible for recording.
The yellow-haired woman and the orange half-sleeved man left the counter, the yellow-haired woman sat on the stool, and the orange half-sleeved man went to check the clothes on the shelf behind the video
The yellow-haired woman is writing on the paper, and the orange half-sleeved man is checking the clothes.
The woman in black long skirt leaves the stool with a pink bag, and the child leaves from the left side of the video
The woman in the black long skirt sat at the counter and talked to the yellow-haired woman and the orange half-sleeved man. At the same time, the orange half-sleeved man left the video from above and the child entered from the bottom of the video.
The child went to the counter to find a woman in a black long skirt, and a man with orange half-sleeves appeared from the top of the video
In the video, there is a large potted plant in the center of the yard, and four small potted plants in the lower right corner of the video, a white bench, and no pedestrians passing by. The environment is daytime
In the video, there is a large potted plant in the center of the yard, and four small potted plants in the lower right corner of the video. There is a white bench, and no pedestrians pass by. The environment is dark.
A long-haired woman walks into the left side of the video. A woman wearing a blue-lined black coat is talking to a person wearing a black uniform at the counter. To the left of the person in the black uniform is another person. There is a man in black uniform using a computer
The long-haired woman hands an object to the hands of the woman wearing a hijab and the long-sleeved man in the upper right corner of the video
On the left side of the video, a fat woman with long hair is talking to a person wearing a black uniform who is using a computer.
A video of a fat woman leaving from below with 17 children
A janitor appears from the door in the lower left corner and leaves along the corridor, while 7 children around him leave from below the video.
Many people gathered around the two large colorful fountains. Several people left the video range horizontally from the lower part of the video. There is a yellow fence on the right side of the video.
In a store in the mall, a woman wearing a brown top and a woman wearing black and white walked out of the store from below the video, and a person wearing red clothes appeared on the right side of the video
There were three people wearing black clothes passing through the shop.
A fat woman wearing blue clothes walked into the room, followed by a tall woman with long hair, and a short woman, and a man with a hat walked out from below the video
A fat woman wearing blue clothes and a tall woman with long hair. The short woman walked out of the video from the bottom of the video. At the same time, a person wearing green shorts and orange shoes walked out from the upper left corner of the video. Next to him is a tall man with orange marks on his clothes
A bearded man wearing a black hat was sitting in front of the computer working, and a man walked past him.
A man with short hair in blue, white and gray clothes walked through the warehouse with boxes, then closed the door and looked at the camera.
The man turned left and disappeared from the camera.
A man walks out from the right side of the video and turns on the indoor lights
The man turned off the light and walked out of the screen from the right
There are multiple people in orange clothes in the video, gathered around the table in the center of the video, with a lot of goods nearby. There is a conveyor belt on the right side of the video, and a person wearing green clothes on the right side.
A man wearing a purple hat puts the goods in the box on the table in the middle of the video. Behind him, there is a man in a yellow hat sorting the goods. The goods are being moved on the conveyor belt. Transport man in green clothes sorting goods on conveyor belt
A black car drives in from the upper right and enters the middle. There is a small red house on the left side of the video.
After the black car stopped, a man got out of the car and walked out of the video from the left after a brief pause.
A black car adjusted its position front and back and then parked in the parking space
A woman wearing a green top got out of the black car and walked out of the video range to the left
There is a dark blue car on the right side of the black car and a red car on the left
The woman in pink uniform on the left gave a card to a man in pink lining, who returned to his seat
A woman wearing a pink uniform on the left communicates with a man wearing a brown coat
After the woman in pink uniform on the left and the man in brown coat finished ordering, the woman in pink uniform on the right placed the plate with food on the table on the left
A man wearing a blue tie pushing a shopping cart walks out of the mall above the video and leaves the video below
A tall woman pushing a shopping cart and a short woman walked into the video. While leaving the video from below, a man in a plaid shirt walked into the video from below.
As the camera moves, a person wearing a green shirt appears from the top of the video and disappears on the right side of the video
As the camera moves, a black car enters the parking lot, and another black car is reversing
After the black car that wanted to enter the parking lot and the car that was reversing and going straight missed each other, the reversing car drove out of the video range, and the black car that wanted to enter the parking lot stopped in front of the black fence.
As the camera moves, a white car enters the parking lot, turns left and stops.
A person wearing a shirt appears on the left side of the video, and a person wearing a plaid shirt appears on the right side of the video
The person wearing a shirt walks out from the right side of the video, and the person wearing a plaid shirt walks out from the left side of the video
A person in white half-sleeves appears from the right side of the video, weighing the items in his hand. When the person in white half-sleeves disappears from the right side of the video, a woman in a skirt appears.
A man with white half-sleeves appears in the video and puts several items into the scale
The man in the white shirt in the video walks from the bottom of the video to the stool of the video vendor, and the man in jeans walks to the door
A man in a white shirt and a man in jeans are chatting while walking around the store
The man in a white shirt tried to touch the camera and gave up after trying to no avail.
A blue truck at the bottom of the video drives out from the right side of the video. There are some pedestrians and a bicycle on the left side of the road.
The green bus on the right side of the video goes straight out of the screen, and a large wave of vehicles passes on the road on the left
A gray car on the left side of the video pulled over from the road, and behind it was a yellow truck
Two people got out of the gray car. One was wearing a blue coat and the other was wearing a white coat.
The two people left from the lower right corner of the video one after another, and the lights of the brown car kept flashing
The man in blue coat and the man in white coat appeared from the bottom of the video, followed by a man in black coat. The three of them walked quickly to the car, and the man in white coat took out a white box from the car. For the man in black shirt
A man in black clothes on the left side of the video. After tidying up on the blue table for a while, I returned to a car with a mixture of white, red and yellow colors.
In the video, there is a man wearing a dark gray shirt standing in the middle, surrounded by a white car, and in front of him there is a car with a mixture of white, red and yellow colors
There is an exhibition stand with panasonic printed on it in the middle of the video, and there are many people passing by around it.
Video Vendor A woman in a white shirt talks to a man in a green shirt, and the man in a green shirt walks out of the video
A man in a red hat walked from the counter to the left of the woman in a white shirt. After the woman gave him something on the table, the man in the red hat walked out of the video
A woman in a white shirt talks to a man in a white shirt and walks out of the video from the left with a white bag.
In the lower right corner of the video, there is a man in a black shirt and a man in a gray hat. The former is using a computer and the latter is looking at him.
A person wearing purple clothes appears in the lower left corner of the video. Two people appear at the top of the video. One person has white stripes on his clothes and the other has white stripes on his pants.
As the camera moves, the person in purple clothes disappears below the video. Two people with white stripes on their clothes and white stripes on their pants are talking to a person near the counter.
As the camera moves, a person in purple clothes appears below the video, and at the same time a man in a brown coat appears from below the video, walks to the top of the video and disappears
The two people with white stripes on their clothes and white stripes on their pants went to another counter to check
The printer below the video printed a piece of paper, and a woman wearing blue half-sleeves came from the seat above and took the paper
The woman in blue half-sleeves gave the paper to the woman in a brown skirt sitting next to the printer and walked back to her seat. At the same time, a man in blue short-sleeves gave an item to his right wearing plaid. woman in shirt
The man in blue half-sleeves sat back in his seat, and the woman in plaid shirt put a piece of yellow paper on the stationery rack behind her
The woman in the plaid shirt returned to her original position, and the woman in a brown skirt sitting next to the printer arranged the papers on the desktop.
The man in blue half-sleeves, the woman in blue half-sleeves, and the woman in plaid shirt above the video are using the computer, and no one is moving around
In an indoor hall, there is a big blue cloth in the center of the screen.
Five people walked out of the lower left corner of the screen and walked to the upper left corner of the screen to leave.
The man in gray clothes walks out from the bottom of the screen, walks to the right side of the screen and leaves.
A man appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the upper left of the screen.
A man in blue appears in the upper left corner of the screen, walking towards the blue cloth and standing still.
The man in blue on the left side of the screen leaves the screen from the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman in blue appears in the lower left corner of the screen and walks towards the upper left corner of the video.
The man in gray appears from the right side of the screen and goes to the bottom of the screen.
A man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen, and a man in gray appears on the right side of the screen and walks to the left side of the screen until he leaves.
A car drove into the lower left corner of the screen, and a man in blue entered the screen and walked towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen and walks to the upper right corner of the screen to leave. A man in blue appears on the right side of the screen.
The man in blue stood in the center of the screen and looked at his phone, then moved to the left side of the video.
A car appeared in the upper left corner of the screen, with two people sitting on it. The car drove to the right side of the screen and then left.
Two men in gray clothes appear on the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner of the video. A man in blue clothes appears on the upper left side of the screen and move towards the lower right corner of the screen.
A man with a cart enters the upper left corner of the screen and moves to the right side of the screen.
The man pushing the cart pushed to the center of the video, and the man in gray appeared on the right side of the screen.
The man with the cart placed the cart in the center of the video and walked towards the lower right side of the video. A car appeared on the right side of the screen, and four men in blue appeared on the left side of the screen.
The man with the cart walked towards the cart, and four men in blue left from the bottom of the screen.
The cart man leaves the cart and leaves from the bottom of the screen.
The cart man appears from the bottom of the screen and walks to the cart.
The man pushing the cart leaves from the bottom of the screen.
A car appears in the upper left corner of the screen.
The car leaves from the bottom of the screen, and a man in blue appears in the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in blue and two women appear in the upper left corner of the screen, walking towards the bottom of the screen and leaving.
Scattered people passed by on the right and left sides of the screen, and two passers-by separated after communicating.
The people in the screen left the bottom of the screen one after another.
A car appears at the bottom of the screen and drives out from the top of the screen.
A man in dark blue clothes walked out of the right side of the screen, moved to the left side of the screen, and then two women appeared.
There are many people wearing blue clothes on the right side of the screen heading towards the upper left corner of the screen.
People enter the screen one after another and move towards the upper left corner of the screen and exit the screen. Two women appear in the lower left corner of the screen.
A car appears in the upper left corner of the screen and drives into the screen. Two women stand next to the blue floor and look up, then follow the car out to the lower left corner.
There are people on the right side of the screen passing by and walking to the left side of the screen.
There are a bunch of people in blue on the right side of the screen walking towards the left side of the screen.
There is a car passing by on the left side of the screen and heading to the right side of the screen.
The screen appears with people passing by one after another.
Four men in blue appear on the right side of the screen and walk towards the center of the screen.
Some people pass by the screen one after another, four men in blue, two leave from the upper side of the screen, and two leave from the lower side of the screen.
Two men in blue on the left side of the screen entered the screen carrying things and moved to the right side of the screen.
People in the screen leave the screen one after another.
The man in white enters the screen, and the man in blue stands on the blue cloth.
Two men in blue were standing on the blue cloth, communicating with each other, and there were scattered people walking by.
A bunch of men in blue are holding things and walking towards the right side of the screen. Then more men in blue are holding things one after another and walking from the left side to the right side of the screen.
The man in black on the right side of the screen is walking towards the left side of the screen. Two men in gray clothes are walking past the bottom of the screen.
In the upper left corner of the screen, there are three men in blue walking across the screen, and the man in gray is pushing something.
There is a small car passing by on the screen.
A bunch of strangely dressed young people appeared on the upper left side of the screen passing by, walking towards the right side of the screen, and then left.
A man pushing a cart pushes a black cart toward the lower right corner of the screen and stops under the blue cloth.
In the upper left corner of the screen, a man in gray clothes pushes a cart to the bottom of the screen, and on the right side of the screen, someone pushing a cart with gongs and drums enters the screen.
The black car under the blue cloth is pushed to the bottom of the screen and leaves. The man in blue on the right side of the screen pushes the gongs and drums car to the center of the screen.
The man in blue put the car on the left side of the video and looked down the screen.
Several people on the left side of the screen are communicating, and a man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen.
Several men in blue enter the screen pushing several cars with musical instruments and move to the left side of the screen.
Several people pushing carts with various musical instruments appear on the right side of the screen.
The men in blue push the car to the right side of the screen, they are communicating.
The woman in black leaves from the bottom of the screen, and each man in blue stands next to his car.
The man in blue at the top of the screen walked up to the man in yellow below and gave a high-five.
People appear one after another on the right side of the screen and leave from the bottom of the screen.
The man in black on the right side of the screen enters the screen pushing two drums.
A man on the right side of the screen walks into the screen holding something. Several people in blue clothes on the lower left are communicating, and then leave from the bottom of the screen.
There are people passing by the screen one after another and then leaving from the upper left corner of the screen.
People in blue clothes are communicating on the right side of the screen, and people are coming and going at the top of the screen.
The man in gray clothes walks to the door on the right side of the screen.
Three people in blue in the lower right corner of the screen are communicating with each other.
Six people gathered in the lower right corner, hugging each other and looking out of the screen.
Various music racks are placed here on the left side of the screen. There are several people chatting at the top of the screen, and several people at the bottom are in a circle, seeming to be listening to someone speaking.
The two men at the top of the screen walked to the left side of the screen and disappeared.
A man in green appears on the right side of the screen and walks towards the left side of the screen and then leaves.
The man with a black backpack at the bottom of the screen walks from the bottom of the screen to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in gray appears in the upper left corner of the screen and walks towards the lower right corner of the screen.
In the lower right corner of the screen, a group of people in blue are hugging each other and communicating.
There are people passing by the screen one after another, from the bottom of the screen to the top of the screen.
A man in blue appears in the upper left corner of the screen and walks towards the lower right corner of the screen.
In the upper left corner of the screen, a man in blue and a man in yellow appear walking towards the center of the video.
The man in yellow and the man in blue walk to the right side of the screen.
The people in blue in the lower right corner of the screen go to the upper left corner of the screen and other scattered places to check out the musical instruments.
The man in gray at the bottom of the screen walked towards the video center and began to check the black musical instruments.
The man in blue in the center of the screen turns the car.
Two men in the center of the screen walk towards each other and hug each other.
There are people passing by the top of the screen one after another.
Three people appeared in the upper right corner of the screen and walked towards the left side of the screen.
A striped woman appears at the bottom of the screen and goes to the upper left corner to find the man in blue.
The man in white enters the screen from the bottom of the screen and walks towards the center of the screen.
The woman in blue enters from the right side of the screen and walks to the left side of the screen.
Four people in the center of the screen are communicating.
A woman in yellow appears in the lower left corner of the screen and walks towards the upper right corner of the screen.
A man in black appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the center of the screen to communicate with others.
Four men in the center of the screen are having a heated exchange. The man in black is looking towards the lower left of the screen.
The four men in the center of the screen spread out towards the bottom of the screen.
The man in blue and the man with a backpack are communicating at the bottom of the screen.
The man in blue communicates with the man with a backpack. The man in dark blue clothes is in the lower right corner of the screen.
The man with the backpack walks towards the upper right corner of the screen, and the man in blue at the bottom of the screen looks towards the bottom of the screen.
The man in blue walked to the bottom of the screen and left, and the two women left from below.
The fat man in blue left the screen and walked towards the bottom of the screen.
The bald man in blue appears in the upper left corner of the screen, and then walks to the lower right corner of the screen.
The woman in blue and the man in blue at the bottom left of the screen are looking out of the screen.
Two men in blue walked from the left side of the screen to the right side of the screen and then left the screen.
The man in blue and the woman in blue in the lower left corner of the screen are communicating and applauding.
Some people enter the upper right corner of the screen, and the man in blue knocks something in the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in blue enters the screen from the bottom and walks to the center of the screen.
The cars on the left side of the screen are all pushed out of the bottom of the screen.
The three men on the right side of the screen walk towards the center of the screen, and the three men on the left side of the screen walk towards the center of the screen.
Three men walked to the left side of the screen and then left.
The man in blue walked to the lower right corner of the screen and stood looking at his phone.
The man in blue walked to the lower right corner of the screen and then left the screen.
Three men appeared on the screen in the upper left corner of the screen, walking towards the center of the screen.
Four men leave from the bottom of the screen, and the man in orange stands in the center of the screen.
A man in green appears in the upper left corner of the screen and walks to the right side of the screen. He walks to the right side of the screen and then leaves.
A man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen and walks into the screen. There are 4 people communicating on the screen.
The man in blue is wandering on the right side of the screen looking at his mobile phone.
The man in blue looked at the phone and walked to the right side of the screen.
There are three men in the upper left corner of the screen, walking towards the bottom of the screen.
A group of people appear in the upper left corner of the screen and move toward the center of the screen.
A group of people in red and black clothes walked from the upper left corner of the screen to the upper right corner of the screen and then left the screen.
Blue clothes appear in the upper left corner of the screen and walk to the center of the screen.
A fat man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen and walks into the screen.
The man in blue and the fat man in blue in the lower left corner of the screen walk towards the center of the screen and communicate.
A man in black appears on the left side of the screen and walks towards the right side of the screen.
The man in blue and the woman in blue enter the screen and move towards the center of the screen.
The man in blue in the center of the screen is wandering around the blue cloth.
A woman in pink and a woman in blue appear in the upper left corner of the screen, walking toward the lower left of the screen, and then leave.
The man in blue in the center of the screen looks towards the bottom of the screen. The man in orange is standing on the blue cloth.
Several men in blue clothes with carts appear on the right side of the screen, moving to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in blue appears on the left side of the screen and walks toward the center of the screen, looking to the right side of the screen.
From the lower left corner of the screen to the upper left corner of the screen, a bunch of people are discussing on the right side of the screen.
The people in the center of the screen gradually dispersed towards the lower side of the screen.
The light blue man and the man in blue are communicating in the center of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, several men in blue enter the screen pushing a cart.
A woman in black appears on the right side of the screen and walks towards the center of the screen.
The man in green walks towards the center of the screen and walks past the blue cloth.
The man in orange walked to the blue cloth and looked down.
The man in blue and the man in light blue are communicating with each other in the upper right corner of the screen
The man in blue walks out from the right side of the screen, and the man in light blue stands on the upper right side of the screen and looks to the right.
Four people appear at the bottom of the screen and walk to the upper left of the screen.
The man in blue walked to the blue cloth, and four people in the upper left corner of the screen walked into the screen.
Four people in the upper right corner of the screen are carrying things towards the right side of the screen.
The man in blue walks towards the blue cloth and stands.
The man in blue and the man in orange stand on the blue cloth and communicate with each other.
Two men in blue and men in orange communicate with each other in the center of the screen.
A man in pink appears on the right side of the screen and walks toward the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in white leads the woman in blue out of the right side of the screen. Five people enter the right side of the screen and walk towards the upper left of the screen.
A man in blue appears from the upper left of the screen and walks out from the lower left.
Many people are entering one after another on the right side of the screen, moving to the left.
Six people in blue on the left side of the screen stepped over the blue cloth and walked to the right side of the screen. They stayed at the edge of the right side of the screen. A woman in black and a man in blue walked out from the lower left of the screen. .
A man in black enters from the right side of the screen, holding information in his hand, walks to the upper left of the screen, and walks out of the screen.
A man in blue appears on the right side of the screen, followed by two men. The man in blue runs a few steps in the center of the screen, and the three men walk out of the screen to the upper left side of the video.
After a woman in blue and white hair hugged a woman in black at the top of the screen, the woman in blue and white hair walked through the crowd and walked out from the right.
A man in blue enters the screen from the upper left and walks through the crowd from the right. Two men in blue walk from the lower left. One walks out from the upper left, and the other stays in the center blue cloth.
Three people enter the right side of the screen and walk to the left of the blue cloth in the center of the hall to communicate.
A woman in white and a man in black enter from the right side of the screen and walk out from the upper left. A man enters from the upper left, pulling two round objects from Exit on the right.
A bald man walks into the lower left corner of the screen, walks to the blue cloth and talks to the man in blue.
The man in blue holds a white object and walks out of the screen from the central blue cloth downwards.
The woman in blue and the two men behind her left the screen from the bottom of the video. The bald man stayed briefly and then walked out from the bottom of the screen.
A man in red and a man in black shake hands at the top of the screen and move to the right and bottom of the video respectively. The man in black leaves the screen with a white bag in hand.
The man in black carrying a white bag walks from the bottom of the screen to the top of the screen.
A man in a black suit in the center of the screen is talking on a mobile phone with his left hand.
A yellow-haired woman enters from the bottom of the screen and then walks out from below.
Two teams of people entered the left side of the screen, carrying long items in their hands, walking from left to right.
Seven people walked out from the lower left of the screen.
A woman with yellow hair and black clothes greeted several other people in the hall and walked out from the bottom of the screen.
Seven people entered from the lower left of the screen, one man, one woman and five children. The man walked to the center of the hall to shake hands and communicate with the man in blue.
Two women in short skirts enter from the lower left of the screen and exit from the upper left.
Several people moved downward from the center of the hall and walked out of the screen.
The yellow-haired woman in black greets a man and two women in the center of the hall to the left side of the screen to meet another man in a suit.
A woman carrying a red schoolbag enters the bottom of the screen. She walks to the hall and communicates with the fat man in a black coat.
At the bottom of the screen, a man in black and a woman in short skirts entered the screen holding items. They walked to the top of the screen, placed the items on the ground, and returned.
A man wearing a white hat at the bottom of the screen gestures to a woman in blue in the center of the screen to come to the bottom of the video to communicate.
The woman in blue carrying a red schoolbag in the center of the screen walks towards the lower left of the screen and walks out of the screen.
The man in white on the blue cloth in the center of the screen gave his mobile phone to the fat man with yellow hair, who watched in place.
Three people walked into the right side of the screen, pushing carts and other items, and walked towards the upper left. Then two men entered in the same direction, running towards the upper left corner.
A man enters the screen from the right side of the video, runs to the upper left corner, and walks out of the screen.
A woman in blue carrying a red schoolbag and a fat woman in a black coat at the bottom of the screen gesture to several people in blue on the right side of the screen to come out from the bottom of the screen.
Several people are pushing from the right side of the screen, holding various items and moving towards the bottom of the screen. The woman carrying a red schoolbag enters from the bottom of the screen to view.
Several people are pushing from the right side of the screen, holding various items and moving towards the bottom of the screen.
Several people appeared from the right side of the screen pushing and holding various items, staying in place, and some people greeted the camera.
A man in a white shirt enters the screen from the left side of the video, moves to the right, and walks out of the screen.
Several people appeared from the left side of the screen, pushing and holding various items and moving to the right. The people on the left side of the screen turned to watch.
Two men wearing black and red shirts on the left side of the screen are moving to the right following the person carrying the items.
A man in black holds two long sticks and moves from the left to the right of the screen, followed by three people.
A girl carrying a red schoolbag enters from the bottom of the screen and remains in the crowd in the lobby.
Three people in blue on the right side of the screen are holding chairs and walking toward the center of the video.
The people on the right side of the screen are holding various musical instruments and the items are walking towards the bottom of the screen.
In the center of the screen, a woman with yellow hair walked to the left side of the video with a chair, and stacked the chair with the chair of the man in blue.
Seven men in blue and black pants on the left side of the screen move to the right.
A woman with a red schoolbag appears at the bottom of the screen and walks to the center of the hall to communicate with another woman in blue.
Several people entered the right side of the screen. Two men in black who entered one after another hugged and communicated in the lobby.
Many people in the center of the hall greet each other, hug each other and leave from the left side of the screen, below.
A man in an orange shirt enters the left side of the screen, walks to the center of the hall and stops.
A small car entered on the left side of the screen, parked in the center of the hall, and the woman in red got out of the car, and the waiting man in orange shirt walked out from under the video.
Several people in blue shirts and black pants enter the right side of the screen, moving from the right to the left.
A man in red on the left side of the screen moves to the right, stops in the center of the hall to watch, and then returns to the left side of the screen.
A man in black and three women on the left side of the screen left the bottom of the screen one after another.
A woman with yellow hair in a black skirt enters the bottom of the screen and walks out from the upper left.
Some people on the right side of the screen were holding things and stopped waiting for passage.
Some people in white shirts on the right side of the screen are holding things and moving to the left front.
Several people entered the bottom of the screen and walked to the center of the hall to stay and communicate. A man in red walked out from the right side of the screen.
The people waiting for passage on the right side of the screen began to leave from the bottom of the screen.
The people waiting for passage on the right side of the screen began to leave from the bottom of the screen, and at the same time, several people entered the hall at the bottom of the screen.
The people waiting for passage on the right side of the screen began to leave from the bottom of the screen holding items.
A bald man and a black-haired woman are communicating at the top of the video.
A man in blue and a man in white are having a heated exchange on the lower left side of the screen.
Three men entered the bottom of the screen. One of the men walked to the center of the screen and hugged the long-haired woman, and the four began to communicate.
A yellow-haired woman enters the bottom of the screen, walks to the left side of the screen, hugs and communicates with the light blue fat girl.
The person in the white shirt on the right side of the screen holds the item and leaves from the bottom of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man in a blue shirt holds a black board in his hands and moves to the upper left.
A man wearing an orange hat moves from the top of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
Several men in red shirts enter from the right side of the screen, pushing musical instruments and staying in the hall.
A man in an orange shirt enters the bottom of the screen, walks towards the center of the hall, turns back and shakes hands with the man in white.
Several men in red shirts walked out from the bottom of the screen pushing musical instruments.
A man in black is pushing a wheelchair from the right side of the screen to the front left.
A man and two women on the left side of the hall walked to the right side of the screen, greeted a man in a white shirt, and communicated enthusiastically.
A woman in a blue dress on the right side of the screen takes photos of two other men and one woman.
Five men wearing white hats and red shirts enter from the bottom of the video and walk out from the right.
In the center of the hall, a man in orange and a man in black stand on a blue cloth, facing the camera and communicating.
The three men communicating on the left side of the screen are walking towards the right edge of the screen. The man in orange and the man in black in the center of the screen are walking towards the right and lower sides of the screen respectively.
The two ladies at the top of the screen hugged and continued to communicate. At the same time, a man in yellow walked from the right to the left.
On the left side of the screen, the man in red drove a cart pulling goods and parked in the middle of the hall, and the woman in blue came to communicate.
The red minivan stayed on top of the blue cloth. The man in red driving the car communicated for a moment and walked out to the bottom of the video.
The man in the orange hat and the woman in the blue top passed by the red car and walked to the left.
A man in red holds a black object in his left hand and walks from the right side of the screen to the left.
People in the screen communicate with each other. A man in red wearing a black hat enters from the bottom of the video and walks towards the upper left side of the screen.
Several people communicating next to the small truck on the left side of the screen are walking towards the upper left side of the video.
The two men and two women hugging each other during the exchange on the right side of the screen.
The two men and two women in the exchange on the right side of the screen are separated.
Next to the pickup truck in the center of the screen, a woman in blue and two men are communicating.
Two men on the right side of the screen walked towards the car carrying a black board and placed the board on the car.
Next to the small truck in the center of the screen, the woman in blue is communicating with two men and walks out of the lower side of the screen.
A man in blue enters the bottom of the screen and communicates with a man in a purple shirt standing on the device at the bottom of the screen.
The man in blue shirt walked from the left side of the screen to the center of the hall and took pictures with his mobile phone.
The woman in the white skirt walks from the left to the right of the screen, walks to the pillar, returns, and walks out from the left.
The man in red in the center of the screen moves towards the bottom of the screen and walks out.
Two men directly below the video screen push out the items left in the lobby from the bottom of the screen.
A fat man in purple appears at the bottom of the video screen and walks out of the screen from below.
A man enters the right side of the video screen and moves to the left side of the screen.
A group of people in white clothes are holding musical instruments and moving from the left to the right of the screen.
A group of people in white clothes holding musical instruments moved away from the left side of the screen to the right. One person was in a wheelchair.
A woman with a black top and white skirt enters from the bottom of the video and walks out from the upper left.
A group of people in light blue clothes are holding musical instruments and moving from the left side of the screen to the right. There is a man in a green shirt watching in the upper right corner of the screen.
A man in black enters the bottom of the screen and walks through the crowd towards the top of the screen. He hands the man in blue an object and moves to the left.
Two men stood next to the pillar in the center of the screen, looking at the people passing by.
A group of people in purple clothes are holding musical instruments and moving from the left to the right of the screen.
The man in the blue shirt walks into the right side of the screen and moves to the left.
Five people in blue walked into the left side of the screen and moved to the right.
There are three people in blue clothes at the top of the screen communicating next to the pickup truck.
A man in blue and a woman in blue walked out of the screen from the middle of the hall to the right.
The man in black shirt moves to the left from the blue cloth in the hall, reaches the left edge of the screen, and then returns to the center of the hall.
A man in a blue shirt enters from the left side of the screen and walks out from the right side of the screen.
The man in the green shirt in the center of the hall moves to the left and walks out of the screen.
A group of people wearing gray clothes holding musical instruments moved from the right side of the screen to the left.
A group of people in light blue clothes holding musical instruments moved from the left to the right of the screen and greeted the camera.
A man wearing a black hat enters the bottom of the screen and moves to the upper left of the video.
A blue shirt enters the left side of the screen, and the person in white shoes moves to the right and exits the screen.
A man in a plaid shirt walks into the bottom of the screen. When he walks to the middle of the hall, he says hello and then moves to the left and walks out of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt enters from the right side of the screen, walks left to the middle of the hall, then turns and moves directly below the screen.
A woman in black walks into the bottom of the screen, moves to the left side of the screen, hugs and communicates with the man walking opposite.
A man in red walks into the right side of the screen, stops in the hall, looks around, and then walks towards the three people on the left communicating.
Three people enter the upper left side of the screen, and two men and one woman walk out from the upper left side of the screen to the right side of the screen.
A man in white enters the right side of the screen and walks to the left, communicating with the woman in black.
A group of people in red clothes are holding musical instruments and moving from the left to the right of the screen.
The man in white standing in the center of the hall walked to the right and shook hands with the man in black.
A man on the right side of the screen walks into a bicycle and moves to the left to communicate with the bald man.
A woman in a black short skirt walks into the right side of the screen and moves to the left side of the hall.
There is a man in red and a woman in black chatting next to the small truck in the center of the screen.
A man in red next to the small truck in the center of the screen got behind the truck and took a black board.
A lady in a white skirt on the left side of the screen moves to the right side of the screen and walks out of the screen.
A lady in a white skirt on the right side of the screen moves to the left side of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt next to the small truck walked towards the man in red next to him. After the exchange, the man in red drove the small truck.
The small truck pneumatically moves from the center of the screen to the bottom of the screen and walks out of the screen.
The person at the bottom of the screen carries the instrument into the car.
The person on the right side of the screen moved the instrument to the bottom of the screen.
A man in white on the left side of the screen walked out of the screen to the right with a ladder.
Two people in red clothes are carrying a large musical instrument in the center of the screen.
A person at the top of the screen is taking photos of five other people.
The person in red on the right side of the screen is carrying the instrument from the right side of the screen to the hall.
The person on the right side of the screen in red is carrying the instrument from the right side of the screen to the hall.
The fat man with yellow hair gathered the people in red who were carrying the instruments to communicate.
The people in red carrying musical instruments gathered in a circle on the right side of the screen to communicate.
A man in white walks into the hall from the bottom of the screen, holding a mobile phone in his hand, and then walks out from the bottom of the screen.
The people in red on the right side of the screen hug each other and high-five.
The people in red on the right side of the screen hugged each other, high-fived, and then walked to the right side of the screen.
The man with yellow hair on the blue cloth in the center of the screen walks left and right, stopping to watch.
A woman in red at the top left of the screen moves to the bottom right, hugging and communicating with the man coming from the opposite side.
A yellow-haired man in the middle of the screen took off his black coat and walked out towards the bottom of the video.
A woman in a red skirt in the middle of the screen moves to the left to the center, turns to greet the camera, and then moves to the right side of the screen.
A woman with long hair in a blue top in the lower left corner of the screen is answering the phone and moving up and down in the lower left corner.
In the lower left corner of the screen, a woman with long hair in a blue top stopped answering the phone, put down her phone and walked out from the bottom of the screen.
There are several people surrounding the right side of the screen, with their faces facing the right.
A man in a gray shirt appears at the bottom of the screen. He goes to the right side of the screen to watch the crowd move and takes photos with his mobile phone.
A man in blue on the upper left side of the screen walked towards the central pillar of the hall, stopped for a moment and turned back to the left side of the screen.
A man in blue at the upper left of the screen moved to the upper left of the screen, looked back, then continued to move to the left and walked out of the screen.
Several people on the right side of the screen enter the hall.
In the picture, a man in a dark shirt and a man in a gray shirt on the right fist fisted and hugged each other and communicated.
A man in white at the bottom of the screen walks into the screen, turns his head back to look at the camera, and then continues to move upward.
Several people in red enter the hall on the right side of the screen.
Some people in red on the right side of the screen hug each other.
Some people of other colors on the right side of the screen enter the hall and move to the front of the left screen.
A man in black on the right side of the screen hugs a man and woman in red on the right side of the screen.
A man in red moves down from the blue cloth in the center of the screen, high-fives another man in red at the bottom of the screen, then turns and walks towards the top of the blue cloth.
In the lower part of the picture, a woman in red and a man in dark shirt are standing below, looking at the camera, saying hello, and then the man moves downwards.
Several people in red in the middle of the screen moved their devices towards the bottom of the screen.
A number of people in red clothes and white hats are pushing music equipment directly at the bottom of the screen. They are walking towards the top of the screen, and two people in gray clothes and dark red clothes are pushing musical instruments. picture.
A white-haired man enters the bottom of the screen and moves towards the upper right side of the screen, then turns around and walks towards the front left.
Several people pushed the music equipment out from directly below the screen.
Several people push the music equipment from the right side of the screen to enter directly below and exit.
Two people on the left side of the screen are pushing a high shelf, followed by several people pushing Bai's shelf towards the bottom of the screen.
Several people tilted the white shelf directly below the screen and moved out of the screen one by one. A woman in an orange skirt watched next to them.
Several people tilted the white shelf directly below the screen and then moved out of the screen one by one.
Several people in black enter from the right side of the screen, holding instruments in their hands and moving to the left.
Enter with a man in blue shirt running from the lower left corner of the screen, run to the upper left corner of the screen, and move out.
The man in the gray shirt in the center of the screen helps to lower the white shelf and push it out from the bottom of the screen.
A small truck passes the blue cloth from the left side of the screen and moves out of the screen directly below.
A bald man in a light-colored shirt enters from the bottom of the screen, walks to the blue cloth, stops and looks to the left.
A bald man in a light-colored shirt moves from the blue cloth to the lower left corner of the screen, and enters the upper left corner with the man in black, shaking hands and saying hello.
A man in white in the upper right corner of the screen communicates with a woman with yellow hair after hugging each other.
A man in a gray shirt enters from the bottom of the screen and walks out from the right side.
A man in white on the left side of the screen and two people entering on the right side hugged each other at the blue cloth, shook hands and exchanged greetings.
A man and a woman are chatting in the upper right corner of the screen.
The fat woman in black on the left side of the screen enters and moves to the right to hug and communicate with the bald man and woman in black on the opposite side of the blue cloth.
Three people, one man and two women, were communicating on the blue cloth in the hall.
Several people entered from the right side of the screen, pushing instruments in their hands and placing them directly below the screen.
The girl with a blue schoolbag and a musical instrument enters from the right side of the screen and walks out from the bottom.
Three people, one man and two women, were communicating on the blue cloth in the hall. The woman gestured several times.
In the center of the screen, a man in blue holds a black ladder and walks towards the bottom of the screen. He stays for a while and then walks out of the screen.
Several people in black enter from the right side of the screen and move to the upper left.
Several people in black enter from the right side of the screen and push the instruments towards the bottom of the screen.
After a fat man in blue clothes entered from the bottom of the screen, he walked to the blue cloth and shook hands with the bald man and hugged him.
Some people in black on the left side of the screen entered pushing musical instruments and stopped in the center of the screen.
Some people in black on the left side of the screen enter pushing instruments and move towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A bunch of people are chatting in the upper middle of the screen.
Four men in black enter the left side of the screen and move towards the upper right corner with a white stand.
A bunch of white-clothed people appeared in the upper left corner of the screen, entering the hall one by one and moving to the right.
Several people in black at the blue cloth in the center of the screen gesture to the camera and say hello.
A man in a dark shirt is holding a mobile phone in the lower left corner of the screen and walking back and forth.
Some people in black enter the left side of the screen and move to the right.
A bunch of people in black are chatting under the blue cloth in the center of the screen.
Three people in the upper left corner of the screen pass through the central blue cloth and walk out from the bottom of the screen.
A man in blue enters from the bottom of the screen holding a mobile phone, walks towards the blue cloth and then turns to the right.
A man in an orange shirt moves from the upper left corner of the screen to the right and walks out of the screen.
Several people in black formed a circle under the blue cloth in the hall and communicated with the man in red in the middle.
The man in blue in the upper left corner of the screen walks towards the bottom of the screen, hugs and communicates with the fat man in black opposite.
A man in black enters from the bottom of the screen, passes through the center of the hall and goes to the front left.
Several people in black on the right side of the screen hugged each other and then started taking pictures.
A man in a black shirt is taking pictures with his mobile phone in the lower left corner of the screen.
A pair of people in blue clothes at the top of the screen move from the upper left corner to the right.
A group of people in blue clothes are moving from the upper left corner to the right at the top of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt moves from the right to the left of the screen, and talks to the man in black after passing the blue cloth.
A group of people in black are chatting under the blue cloth in the center of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt walks out from the upper right corner of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
A fat man in a blue shirt walks out from the upper right corner of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
A man in gray appears at the bottom of the screen and enters the screen from the bottom of the screen.
A man in orange clothes moves from the upper left to the lower right of the screen.
There is a fat man in blue in the upper right corner of the screen chatting with the lady in red next to him.
Several men in black are communicating at the bottom of the screen.
A man in yellow walks into the bottom of the screen and moves towards the top of the screen.
The circle of men in black dispersed, and a man in yellow entered the screen from below.
Several people in black clothes moved from the right to the lower left and walked out.
The man in yellow walks towards the blue cloth from the bottom of the screen and talks to two men.
A woman in black with her back to the camera moves upward from the blue cloth and stays on top of the blue cloth.
A man in black is arranging his hair and glasses in the lower left corner of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt holding a black ladder moves from the left side of the screen to the lower right corner.
Two men in blue clothes were chatting on the blue cloth in the hall.
A man in a black shirt and red shorts moves to the bottom of the screen and walks out of the screen.
Two people in white shirts moved from right to left from the front of the hall and walked out of the screen.
A group of people in black shirts moved from right to left from the front of the hall.
The people on the left side of the hall are pushing the shelf towards the lower left corner of the screen. There is a ladder on the shelf.
A group of people in black shirts moved from the front of the hall from right to left, with many people watching next to the blue cloth.
A man in a dark shirt enters the screen from the lower right corner of the screen, stops next to the blue cloth, and claps once.
Many people in the lobby moved to the bottom of the screen and walked out of the screen.
There is a small red car in the upper left corner of the screen stopping at the blue cloth. A man gets on the car and moves directly below the screen.
Two women in red move from the left to the right of the screen.
Multiple people entered the hall holding items from the right side of the screen and moved to the left.
Multiple people enter the hall on the right side of the screen and move to the left.
On the right side of the screen, many people entered the hall with musical instruments and moved directly below. A woman on a blue cloth waved to the video screen to say hello.
On the right side of the screen, multiple people entered the hall with musical instruments and moved directly below.
A group of white-clothed people appeared in the upper left corner of the screen and moved to the right side of the screen.
Several men in black enter the bottom of the screen and walk towards the big blue cloth in the center.
On the right side of the screen, multiple people pulled musical instruments into the hall and pushed the musical instruments directly downward.
Many people are communicating on the blue cloth in the center of the hall, and there is a black board on the left.
Several people in white clothes enter from the upper left corner and move to the right side of the screen holding white items.
In the lower right corner of the screen, there is a man in red and a man in black looking at their mobile phones to communicate.
Many people in black clothes holding white objects enter from the upper left corner and move to the right side of the screen.
Two men in white clothes are chatting against the wall in the lower left corner of the screen.
A woman in a pink skirt in the lower right corner of the screen looks towards the camera.
Several men entered the upper left corner of the screen pushing larger items and placed them on the left side of the black board.
A man in black at the bottom of the screen adjusted his position to greet the camera, then turned and walked to the left.
Several people in the center of the screen are hugging each other and communicating.
Several men in black on the left side of the screen are moving toward the camera with white objects.
The men and women in black on the left side of the screen were communicating, then walked to the lower right corner and left the screen.
A lady in red sleeves with blue cloth in the center of the screen moves towards the bottom of the screen.
A man in white enters the lower right corner and walks towards the piano.
A few people from Central Lanbu hugged each other and communicated.
Two people at the top of the screen are pushing a cart from the right to the left.
A man in black at the bottom of the screen greets the camera, and then goes around to the left side of the people.
Two people in black on the right side of the screen fist bumped, hugged and communicated with each other.
On the right side of the screen, multiple people push musical instruments into the hall and move to the left.
A man in blue appears in the upper left corner of the screen and moves to the lower left corner of the screen.
At the bottom of the screen, the man in black and the man in white with red sleeves hugged each other and separated.
At the bottom of the screen, the man in black and the man in red fist bumped, hugged and separated, and the man in black walked upwards.
A man in white enters the bottom of the screen, points to the camera and communicates with the two people next to him, and then walks down out of the screen.
At the bottom of the screen, the man in red is standing next to the piano, looking to the left with his head, then turning back to the front.
A man in yellow enters the right side of the screen and moves forward to the left.
The man in red and the man in black fist-bumped and hugged each other in the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in black under the blue cloth in the center of the screen moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
The men in black on the blue cloth in the center of the screen hug each other and communicate.
Two people at the top of the screen are pulling a car to move to the right.
The man in black on the blue cloth in the center of the screen moves towards the bottom of the screen.
A group of people in white at the top of the screen moves to the right.
A man in black and a woman in red behind him move from the left side of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
The man in red and the woman in pink fist-bumped and hugged each other in the lower right corner of the screen.
In the lower right corner of the screen, the man in red and the woman in pink fist bump, hug and communicate.
Two men in black in the center of the screen push the shelf towards the bottom of the screen.
A group of people in red at the top of the screen moves from right to left.
Two women on the blue cloth in the center of the screen are communicating.
In the center of the screen, there is a man in a cyan shirt standing next to the pillar beside the blue cloth, watching.
The people in the screen are pushing various equipment to move to the bottom of the screen.
A group of people in black clothes on the left side of the screen, with people in white hats holding boards, moving towards the lower left corner.
A small white car enters the upper right corner of the screen and pulls the instrument to move directly below the screen.
A man in a cyan shirt next to the pillar in the upper right corner of the screen moved to the left and stopped next to the yellow pillar.
A man in a red shirt enters directly below the screen, crossing the blue cloth and moving to the left front.
The person in the upper right corner of the hall moves to the right and walks out of the screen.
Someone on the right came in pushing an instrument and moved directly below the screen.
Someone on the right pushed a musical instrument into the hall.
A long-haired woman enters directly below, moves up to the center, returns to the bottom of the screen, and exits the screen.
The central personnel pushed the instrument to the left wall.
People in the lobby move to the upper right corner to gather.
Four people appear from the left side of the screen, carrying a stretcher, and move directly below the screen.
A long-haired woman enters the bottom of the screen and walks towards the crowd in the upper right corner.
A man in red shorts on the upper left side of the screen took a black ladder from the shelf, moved to the right side of the screen, and walked out.
A brown-haired man directly below walks towards the crowd in the upper right corner.
Some men in black walked into the right side holding equipment in their hands and moved to the upper left.
A long-haired woman on the right side of the screen moves to the left.
Three men at the top of the screen are holding equipment and moving to the left.
Directly above and on the right side of the pillar stands a man in a cyan shirt, walking back and forth.
Two people enter the upper left corner of the screen and push a very high shelf to the right.
A man in black with a crossbody bag appeared directly below and walked back and forth after entering the center of the hall.
The woman in red at the top of the screen pushes the very tall shelf to the bottom of the screen and stops at the bottom of the screen.
A man in the upper left corner of the screen is pushing a shelf towards the top of the screen.
Many people in red are communicating in the upper left corner of the screen.
The woman in red pushing the tall shelf at the bottom of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
I met a woman in blue entering the lower corner of the screen. After greeting the man moving from the left to the right, the two left from the right side of the screen.
A man carrying a schoolbag and pulling a car enters the right side of the screen and moves to the left, then moves up and stops at the top of the screen.
A man on crutches enters the right side of the screen and moves directly below the screen.
A large number of people wearing blue clothes enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
The two large shelves in the center of the screen were pushed and moved directly below the screen.
A row of men in black on the upper left side of the screen moves to the right side of the screen.
The large shelf in the center of the screen was pushed by the man in red to move directly below the screen.
A man with a crossbody bag enters directly below the screen and moves directly above to stop next to the instrument.
A man in white shorts moves from the center of the screen to the lower left corner of the screen and walks out of the screen.
A man in black trousers enters from the right side of the screen and moves out of the screen to the lower right corner.
Several people enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the lower right corner with equipment.
The person in the middle of the screen moves to the right side of the hall.
A fat man in black clothes on the left side of the screen moves to the right side of the screen and walks out from the right side.
Several people on the upper right side of the screen are dancing and twisting their bodies.
A woman in yellow next to the blue cloth in the center of the screen is communicating with the woman in red.
A man in a gray shirt enters the upper left corner of the screen and runs to the right side of the screen.
A man wearing a white hat enters the lower left corner of the screen and moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen communicated with the staff in red and left the screen from below.
A man in a black suit in the upper left corner of the screen moves to the right side of the screen.
A tall man in the center of the screen hugs two women and then walks towards the crowd in the upper right corner.
A group of men and women are dancing and twisting their bodies in the upper right corner of the screen.
Several people in blue move from the middle of the screen to the bottom and walk out of the screen.
A man and a woman are hugging each other in the center of the screen, and then move to the left side of the screen.
Several people in blue are having a heated exchange on the lower left side of the screen.
The high shelf and musical instruments in the center of the picture are pushed and moved directly downwards.
Several people holding various equipment move from the center of the screen to directly below.
A group of people in white move from the right side of the screen to the upper left corner.
Multiple people in white enter the left side of the screen and move to the left side of the screen.
A woman with a backpack takes pictures on the lower left side of the screen.
A queue is moving from the right side of the screen to the upper left corner.
Several people appear on the right side of the screen pushing equipment and moving to the left side of the screen.
Several people appear on the right side of the screen pushing equipment and moving to the left side of the screen.
Several people appear on the right side of the screen pushing equipment towards the upper left side of the screen.
At the bottom of the screen, a bald man communicated with another man on his mobile phone, and then walked towards the blue cloth.
Enter the white car on the right side of the screen and stop on the right side of the screen.
A fat man in blue at the bottom of the screen walks to the blue cloth and moves to the right.
A lady in a black skirt in the upper left corner of the screen moves to the right.
The man in blue directly below hugs and communicates with two other men.
A white truck enters the upper left corner, pulling the instrument, and moves directly below the screen.
The white cart pulling goods leaves the screen from directly below.
The bald man in the lower right corner of the screen communicates with two other men.
A man in black enters the lower left corner of the screen and runs towards the upper left corner.
A man in red on the left side of the screen is pushing a shelf towards the blue cloth.
A white-haired man enters the bottom of the screen and walks towards the blue cloth and then towards the upper right pillar.
A bald man enters the bottom of the screen and walks to the blue cloth to communicate with another white-haired man.
Six people are chatting in the lower right corner of the screen.
Several people enter the upper right corner of the screen and move to the right.
The bald man and the man in yellow are communicating with each other at the bottom of the screen.
The man in red in the center of the screen pushes the shelf towards the bottom of the screen.
A man in black appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the man in cyan clothes directly above.
Three people in dark gray clothes on the left side of the hall moved from left to right.
A man in black at the top left of the screen moves to the bottom left, dances and twists his body, and then leaves from below.
A woman in the upper left corner of the screen walks to the instrument on the left and moves the instrument.
Two men in gray clothes are communicating next to the blue cloth in the center of the screen.
The man in the red hat fist-bumped with a woman and left from the bottom of the screen.
The fat man in black clothes moves from the upper left corner of the screen to the lower left corner.
Several people in red enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
Four people in white clothes in the center of the screen push the shelf and move it from left to right.
The person in white on the left side of the screen is pushing the shelf and moving it from left to right.
On the left side of the screen, people in white clothes entered the hall one after another, pushing the shelves and moving them from left to right.
People in white clothes are moving from left to right on the left side of the screen.
A yellow-haired woman at the bottom of the screen applauded and moved upward.
A fat woman on the right side of the screen moved to the left side of the screen to chat with the two people on the left.
People in white clothes gradually enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
Several people in the lower right corner of the screen applauded the people moving to the right.
A group of people in blue enter from the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A group of people in blue enter from the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A group of people in blue enter from the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A group of people in white enter from the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A man in red stopped and looked at the blue cloth.
A woman in black top moves from the right side of the screen to the left.
A man on the right side of the screen is pushing a car from the right to the upper left corner.
The person in the picture is holding the equipment and moving towards the bottom of the screen.
The person in the picture is holding equipment and moving towards the bottom of the screen, and there is a man applauding on the blue cloth.
Several people enter the upper left corner of the screen, pushing equipment and moving directly downwards.
Enter a small black truck in the upper left corner of the screen, pulling the cargo to the right.
Some people in blue in the upper left corner of the screen move to the right.
A woman in blue on the blue cloth in the center of the screen is communicating with two men.
Several people enter the upper left corner of the screen and push equipment to move to the right.
The man in gray shirt moves from left to right holding a black ladder.
A man in white on the right side of the screen pushes the instrument to the left.
The woman in the blue area in the center of the screen hugs the woman in blue. comminicate.
A man in a black suit appears in the lower left corner of the screen and moves to the upper left.
The two men at the bottom of the screen looked at the camera, said hello and then moved downwards.
The man in white at the top of the screen is carrying the board and moving to the right.
A man in blue enters from the bottom of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
The man in white at the top of the screen is carrying the board and moving to the right.
The man in white at the top of the screen is carrying the board and moving to the right.
The man in white at the top of the screen is carrying the board and moving to the right.
A truck on the left side of the screen moves directly below.
The person on the right side of the screen is pushing the equipment to move directly below the screen.
The person on the right side of the screen is pushing the equipment to move directly below the screen.
The man in white at the top of the screen is carrying the board and moving to the right.
The person on the right side of the screen is pushing the equipment to move directly below the screen.
The person on the right side of the screen pushed the equipment into the hall and stopped in the center of the hall.
A man in a cyan shirt stood above the blue cloth and watched.
Several people in blue clothes are chatting in the center of the screen.
A man in yellow moves from the center of the screen to the left and walks out of the screen.
A man in a cyan shirt stood above the blue cloth and watched.
A woman in a red skirt on the upper left side of the screen moves to the right and hugs the man in blue.
A woman in a red skirt on the upper left side of the screen moves to the right and hugs and communicates with the man in blue.
A black man entered from the right side of the screen and walked to the blue cloth, took out his camera and took pictures.
A woman in blue is arranging her hair in the center of the screen.
In the center of the screen, people in blue clothes formed a circle and communicated with men in suits.
Several people enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
Two people in blue are dancing and hugging in the middle of the screen.
A man in black enters from the right side of the screen and hugs the man in blue and then walks towards the lower right corner of the screen
People in blue clothes in the center of the screen hug each other.
People in blue clothes in the center of the screen hug each other.
The man in the cyan shirt enters from the right side of the screen and moves directly above.
Many people in blue clothes hugged each other in the blue cloth in the hall.
The man in the cyan shirt moves to the upper left corner and returns to the upper center of the screen.
The woman in blue at the bottom left of the screen twists her waist left and right and moves her body.
A woman in a blue top with black skin appears on the right side of the screen, moves to the lower right corner and walks out of the screen.
Two men in blue at the bottom of the screen hug each other. comminicate.
A man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen and moves directly above, high-fiving the two of them.
The person in blue in the center of the screen is pushing the instrument and moving directly below the screen.
The four people in blue at the blue cloth move towards the bottom of the screen.
A small truck enters the upper left corner of the screen and moves to the right.
The person at the top of the screen moves to the bottom of the screen.
Two people appeared in the upper left corner of the screen, pulling the equipment and moving it to the right.
A man in white appears on the right side of the screen and moves towards the bottom of the screen.
The man in a cyan shirt moves from the center of the screen to the bottom and walks out of the screen.
A woman in a black skirt appears on the right side of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
There is a man on the upper side of the blue cloth looking left and right and looking down.
Two men in red enter the left side of the screen and move to the right with something.
The man wearing a cyan shirt directly below the screen enters the hall and moves upwards, then turns back and goes down out of the screen.
The man in black pushes the equipment from the upper left corner of the screen to the right.
The man wearing a cyan shirt enters from the bottom of the screen and walks towards the blue cloth.
Directly below the screen, a man in a blue shirt enters and moves upward, holding a mobile phone in his hand.
A man on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
A woman in a black skirt on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
A group of people enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
People in the screen move to the right.
A group of people enters the right side of the screen and moves to the left.
A man in black on the left side of the screen is pushing an arc-shaped platform to move to the right.
A man in black on the left side of the screen pushed the arc-shaped stage to the right and stopped it next to the blue cloth.
The table in the screen continues to move to the right and out of the screen.
The bald man entered the hall from directly below the screen and walked towards the blue cloth.
A man and a woman are communicating next to the blue cloth in the center of the screen, and then shake hands and separate.
A group of people enters the right side of the screen and moves to the left holding instruments.
The man in a suit on the lower right side of the screen communicated with a man in a jersey and separated.
On the left and right sides of the screen, a group of people holding musical instruments entered the hall.
The people in the lobby move left and right out of the screen.
Under the blue cloth, a man in blue is taking pictures with his mobile phone.
A man in a blue shirt enters the right side of the screen, walks towards the blue cloth, and then turns to move directly below the screen.
The man with white hair and blue cloth in the center of the screen moves to the lower right corner of the screen and walks out of the screen.
Two people appear on the left side of the screen pushing the arc-shaped platform to move to the right.
A person appears on the left side of the screen pushing the arc-shaped platform to move to the right.
A man in blue at the bottom left of the screen is taking pictures with a camera.
A person appears on the left side of the screen pushing the platform to the right.
Two people appear on the left side of the screen pushing the arc-shaped platform to move to the right.
A man in blue appeared on the right side of the screen pushing equipment into the hall, moved directly below the screen, and walked out of the screen.
A man in gray appears on the right side of the screen pushing equipment into the hall and moving to the left.
The man in blue is communicating with the bald man in the center of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt and black shorts in the upper left corner of the screen enters the hall and moves to the lower left.
The man in the blue shirt stood on the blue cloth in the hall and looked at his mobile phone.
Several people appear on the right side of the screen, pushing the instruments toward the upper left corner.
The woman in black and the man in white on the left side of the screen move from the upper left to the lower left of the screen.
The woman in black on the lower left side of the screen is taking pictures of the man in white.
The woman in black and the man in white on the left side of the screen move to the lower right corner of the screen.
Two people on the right side of the screen are pushing larger items to the upper left corner.
The normal screen displays the person moving to the upper left corner.
There are several people talking in the upper right corner of the screen.
In the center of the screen, a man in a white shirt pulls a black box and moves towards the bottom of the screen.
The man in the blue shirt stood on the right side of the hall and looked at his mobile phone.
Two long-haired women enter the bottom of the screen and move to the upper right corner after passing the blue area.
Several people enter the right side of the screen and push music equipment to move to the upper left corner.
A green car appears on the left side of the screen moving towards the blue cloth.
After passing the blue cloth, the green car moves directly below the screen and walks out of the screen.
A white car appears on the right side of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
In the lower right corner of the screen, a man in a black shirt is playing with his mobile phone.
Three people are chatting in the lower left corner of the screen.
A man wearing a black hat in the center of the screen is talking on the phone.
A man in a blue shirt moves from the upper left corner of the screen to the right, communicates with the people on the right, and then returns to the left.
A man in yellow enters the bottom of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
Two women in red and white skirts on the left move to the right.
Three people in white appear on the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner of the screen.
In the lower left corner of the screen, a bald man wearing jeans communicates with a man in a black shirt.
Several people enter the upper left corner and move to the right side of the screen.
There is a group of people in white standing in the lower right corner of the screen, looking towards the front.
In the lower left corner, a bald man wearing jeans communicates with a man in a black shirt, and then the man wearing jeans moves to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in white appeared on the left side of the screen, holding instruments and moving to the right.
A group of men in black appeared on the left side of the screen holding instruments and moving to the right.
A group of people in white in the lower right corner of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
Two men are talking at the bottom of the screen.
The person on the left side of the screen is pushing the instrument towards the lower left of the screen.
The person in black in the screen moves to the upper left corner.
A row of men in black appeared in the upper left corner of the screen and moved towards the lower left corner of the screen holding musical instruments.
A woman in red on the left moves to the right.
A green pickup truck on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
Two people in the upper left corner of the screen pushed the shelf towards the bottom of the screen and walked out of the screen.
The green car on the blue cloth turns around and moves directly below the screen.
Five men in white appear on the right side of the screen and move toward the left.
Several men in black walk towards the small truck in the center of the screen and unload instruments.
Several men in black moved musical instruments into the truck.
A man in black pushed the instrument back and forth on the blue cloth.
The man in red driving a minivan looked behind the vehicle and communicated with the people behind the vehicle.
A man in black took a black object from the car.
A man in black is sorting the goods of a green minivan in the center of the hall.
The truck driver in red clothes in the center of the screen turned his head back to communicate with the man in black, extending his arm to point.
Three men in black rearranged the items behind the car.
Two men in black took white items from the car in the center of the screen.
A man in white walks from the center of the screen to the driver of a small truck in the center of the screen, communicating.
The man in the white shirt in the lower right corner of the screen enters the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
Three men in white clothes move to the right in the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman in a pink skirt walks into the lower right corner of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
The small truck in the screen moves directly downward.
Several people in the screen are pushing equipment and moving directly below the screen.
The two teams of men in black on the left side of the screen move to the right.
The bald man with a crossbody bag enters below and moves to the upper left corner.
The two white boxes on the blue cloth in the center of the screen are pushed to the right.
The two white boxes on the left side of the screen are pushed to the right.
Two people in black on the upper left side of the screen push two black carts towards the bottom of the screen.
The people in the video moved the instruments directly below the screen one after another.
A man in black clothes stands on the right side of the screen, watching people carrying musical instruments.
Two men in black are chatting in the lower left corner of the screen.
A man directly above the center of the screen pushes the instrument downwards and walks out of the lower right corner of the screen.
A man in the upper left corner of the screen is pushing a drum to the lower right corner and walks out of the lower right corner of the screen.
A man in the upper left corner of the screen is pushing a drum and moving to the right.
The people in black on the left gathered in a circle and communicated.
A woman in white on the right side of the screen pushes the instrument towards the upper left corner.
A man in gray clothes on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
The woman in a white skirt on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
The woman in black and the man in blue shirt on the right side of the screen move to the upper left corner.
A man enters the lower right side of the screen and moves to the right side of the screen.
The lady with yellow hair and black skirt on the left side of the screen moves to the right.
People in black on the left side of the screen gathered in a circle and communicated.
A man in a blue shirt moves to the left in the upper right corner of the screen.
A man wearing a cyan shirt enters the hall on the lower right side of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
Two men in black are chatting under the blue cloth in the center of the screen.
A bald man in black on the left moved to the right, shook hands with the man in blue coming from the opposite side and continued to move to the right.
Many men in black move from the left to the right in the screen.
Many men in black move from the left to the right in the screen.
A man in red appears in the lower right corner of the screen and moves towards the center of the hall. He hugs the passing man in black and then moves to the upper left corner.
Many people in light-colored clothes enter the upper left corner of the screen, holding music equipment in their hands, moving to the right side of the screen.
The man in the blue shirt in the center of the screen looks at the people moving to the right and applauds in farewell.
A man in gray clothes on the right side of the screen enters the screen pushing a shuttle bus and moves to the left.
Five men in black holding musical instruments on the left side of the screen moved to the right side of the screen and walked out of the right side of the screen.
People wearing the same clothes on the left side of the screen hug each other.
On the blue cloth in the center of the screen, a man wearing a dark blue shirt and a man carrying a black schoolbag hug, communicate, and move downward.
The white-haired man wearing a red shirt on the left side of the screen runs to the right side of the screen.
In the middle of the right side, a fat man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt are communicating, shaking their heads from time to time.
A man in a black shirt with white sleeves in the center of the screen is making gestures to the camera.
A man in a light blue shirt on the lower right side of the screen makes gestures and communicates fiercely with a man in a pink shirt.
A man in a dark blue shirt on the right side of the screen applauded, moved to the upper right corner, and hugged a man in a black shirt in the upper right corner of the screen.
The man with green sleeves in the middle of the picture picked up his mobile phone and played with it, took pictures in the direction of the camera, and then looked down at the mobile phone.
Two men wearing the same clothes in the lower left corner of the screen communicate with each other and hug each other.
In the middle of the picture, a man in a black shirt carrying a shoulder bag holds a camera and shoots at the man in a green shirt.
On the lower right side of the screen, a man in black shirt carrying a shoulder bag put down the camera, moved a few steps to the lower left corner, and then lowered his head to play with the camera.
Four men are communicating under a gray hanging cloth hanging on the right side.
Two men in red shirts enter the right side and move towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man wearing a white top and pink pants enters the right side and moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
The man in the red shirt and the man in green pants on the right next high-five and applaud after communicating with each other.
The person in the middle of the screen is pushing the music equipment to move directly below the screen.
The person in the middle of the screen is pushing the tall shelf towards the bottom of the screen.
In the upper right corner of the screen, a man in a light blue shirt pushes a cart to the left, bypasses the pillar, and then turns to the right side of the screen.
A group of people wearing the same red shirts appears on the right side of the screen and moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
There is a white pickup truck on the left side of the screen, with a man in red and a man in black sitting in the car moving towards the blue cloth.
A white pickup truck in the center of the screen, pulling music equipment, moved directly below the screen and walked out of the screen.
Man in red appeared in the upper right corner of the screen pushing music equipment towards the lower left corner of the screen.
A woman in white on the left side of the screen moves to the right.
A man in red pants at the bottom of the screen enters the screen and moves upward. He greets the man coming from the right at the blue cloth and then moves to the upper left corner.
Man in red appears on the right side of the screen pushing music equipment towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in a gray shirt appears on the right side, pulling a black box and moving it to the upper left corner of the screen.
A person wearing red clothes appears on the right side and moves to the upper right corner of the screen.
Several men in red in the upper right corner move to the left, bypassing the pillars on the right side of the hall, and then move to the right side of the screen.
A man in white appears on the right side of the screen, carrying a black thing on his right shoulder and moving towards the upper left corner.
The man in black shirt and the man in light blue shirt above the blue cloth in the middle of the picture communicate with each other, and the man in blue keeps making gestures.
A lady in a white skirt on a blue cloth in the middle of the screen moves to the right, talks to the man in yellow, and then moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
Two men at the bottom of the screen are holding black boxes and talking face to face.
Multiple people in red shirts appeared in the upper right corner of the screen, holding white objects in their hands and moving to the right side of the screen.
Multiple people in red shirts appear in the upper right corner of the screen, holding white objects in their hands and moving to the right side of the screen.
The man in yellow at the bottom of the screen moves towards the blue cloth and communicates with the man in black. Then he stopped at the blue cloth and looked around.
Two people in red above the hall pushed a wheeled shelf to move directly below the screen, then lifted the shelf and walked out from directly below the screen.
Multiple people in red shirts appeared in the upper right corner of the screen, moving to the right side of the screen with white objects in their hands.
A long-haired woman on the right side of the screen is holding a black ladder and moves directly below the screen and walks out of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a woman in a white dress is holding an item in her hand and moving to the upper left corner.
The man in yellow on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
A woman with black hair and a long skirt on the upper left side of the screen moved to the bottom of the screen and walked out of the screen.
The man in gray shirt on the right side of the screen moves towards the blue cloth, holding a camera to record the team of people in red clothes on the left.
The man in blue at the bottom of the screen took out his mobile phone and took pictures of the person in the center of the screen.
The man in the gray shirt in the center of the screen raised the camera and filmed around the team of red-shirted personnel.
A long-haired woman at the bottom of the screen enters the screen and moves to the right.
Two people in gray shirts appeared on the right side of the hall, pushing the shelves to the upper left corner.
A man with a schoolbag enters the bottom of the screen, gestures towards the camera and moves to the right side of the screen.
A group of people wearing the same clothes appear on the right side of the screen, moving towards the upper left corner with items in their hands.
A man in yellow enters the lower side of the screen and walks towards the blue cloth, stopping in the center of the screen and watching.
A number of men in red hug each other at the blue cloth in the center.
The six men in yellow on the right side of the screen move to the upper left corner.
A woman in a white long skirt appears directly below and moves towards the blue cloth, making various gestures to communicate with the man on the blue cloth.
A number of men in red hug each other in the blue cloth in the center of the screen.
Many men in black enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
Many men in black enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
At the bottom of the screen, a woman in a white long skirt and a man in a blue shirt are communicating face to face. The woman sometimes looks at the people passing by in the center of the hall.
Many men in black enter the right side of the screen and move toward the upper left corner with musical instruments in their hands.
The person in red in the upper left corner of the screen is carrying a white object and moving to the right.
A woman in a long white dress in the middle of the screen moves to the left, talks to two men in red, and then moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
A fat man with a black schoolbag and a blue shirt on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
In the upper left corner of the screen is a man in black moving to the right side of the screen and walking out of the screen.
The man with a red shirt and dark shorts on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
Two people wearing the same red clothes are talking in the lower left corner of the screen.
Two men in black in the upper left corner of the screen move to the right side of the screen.
The woman in blue hugs a fat man and moves to the right side of the screen under Li Zhuzhu on the right side of the hall in the upper left corner of the screen.
The people on the left side of the screen in red are pushing the instruments towards the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in red in the upper left corner of the screen is carrying white goods and moving towards the bottom of the screen.
The people in red on the left side of the screen are pushing the goods towards the bottom of the screen.
A fat man in a blue shirt appears in the lower left corner of the screen and moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman wearing a black and white long skirt enters the left side of the screen and moves to the right side of the screen. She walks to the edge of the right screen and talks to the man in a light blue shirt.
A man wearing a red shirt and shorts appears on the right side of the screen and runs towards the upper left corner of the screen.
The green minivan in the upper left corner of the screen pulls the instrument and moves directly below the screen and out of the screen.
Several people appear on the right side of the screen pushing instruments towards the lower left corner of the screen.
Directly at the bottom of the screen, a man in black enters the blue cloth and talks to the man in a colored shirt.
The people in the screen push the instruments to move to the lower left corner of the screen.
A man with a white shirt and red shorts appears in the upper left corner of the hall, running to the right side of the screen.
Two men in gray shirts in the upper left corner of the screen push a cart towards the blue cloth.
A man in black on a blue cloth in the center of the screen is talking with a woman in black and a man in white with his back to the camera.
Many people in black at the bottom of the screen raised their hands and twisted their bodies.
A man in a light blue shirt at the right column of the hall moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in black is communicating with a child on the lower right side of the hall, sometimes touching the boy's head with his hand.
Many men in black in the hall moved towards the bottom of the screen and walked out of the screen.
A man in the lower right corner of the hall moved to the right side of the screen. When he reached the right side of the blue cloth, he turned around and moved to the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman in a white long skirt enters the right side of the hall and moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man enters the right side of the hall and moves to the upper left corner of the screen while answering a phone call with his left hand.
A man in a black coat in the upper left corner of the hall moved to the right side of the screen and walked out of the screen.
Two men in black next to the pillar on the right side of the hall are talking and making gestures from time to time.
A man in blue walks into the lower right corner of the screen and moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in black is checking the black instrument directly at the bottom of the screen.
Two men in black in the upper left corner of the screen moved to the lower right corner of the screen, greeted the camera in the lower right corner of the screen and left.
Two men in gray shirts enter the right side of the screen and push a white flat table to the upper left corner.
A man in black is checking the black instrument directly at the bottom of the screen.
A group of people wearing the same clothes enter the upper right corner and move to the right with white objects in their hands.
A group of people wearing the same black clothes enter the upper right corner and move to the right with white objects and leave the screen.
A yellow-haired man in a black shirt directly below hugged and talked with a man and a woman who entered the screen from below.
A man in black on a blue cloth in the center of the screen is having a heated conversation with a long-haired woman next to him.
A group of people wearing the same black clothes entered the upper left corner of the screen and moved to the right with equipment.
A child enters the right side of the screen and moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A group of people wearing the same clothes enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner with white objects in their hands.
A woman in black and a man pushing a cart were having a heated conversation in the lower right corner of the screen.
A group of people wearing the same blue clothes enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner with white objects in their hands.
A man in black is checking the black instrument directly at the bottom of the screen.
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen is looking down at his mobile phone.
A woman is talking to three men on the lower right side of the screen.
A man in black on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in yellow enters the bottom of the screen and moves toward the hall with blue cloth.
People appear on the right side of the screen pushing music equipment into the screen and moving to the left.
A lady in a blue skirt enters the lower right side of the screen and moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in a black shirt enters right below the screen and moves up to hug and talk with the man in black.
A man pushing a cart is moving directly below the screen.
A fat man in black clothes with a bald head enters the lower right side of the screen and moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
A row of people enters the right side of the screen and moves along the front of the hall to the upper left corner.
A man in a gray shirt enters the lower side of the screen, moves upward, and high-fives the person pushing the instrument.
People on the left side of the screen are pushing various equipment towards the bottom of the screen.
A group of people in black pushed a high shelf from the upper left corner of the screen to the lower left corner of the screen and walked out of the screen.
Two ladies enter the lower left corner of the screen and move towards the white car in the front left corner of the screen.
A woman in blue enters the right side of the screen and moves to the left side of the screen. She picks up the fallen information in the center of the hall and continues to move to the upper left corner.
Some people in the upper left corner of the screen are pushing a very high shelf towards the blue cloth in the hall.
Several men in blue on the right side of the screen move to the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in black shorts on the upper left side of the screen moved to the lower right side of the screen and walked out of the screen.
A woman in white at the top of the screen moves to the small yellow column on the left side of the screen.
A man in the upper left corner of the screen is pushing a black box towards the lower left corner of the screen.
A man in a cyan shirt directly above the screen walked past the blue cloth and continued to move downwards.
The yellow pillar on the left side of the screen, the lady in narration clothes, moves to the top of the screen.
Two people in blue shirts on the upper left side of the screen pushed the black car to the lower left side of the screen.
A group of people wearing the same color clothes enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A group of people wearing the same color clothes enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A man in blue enters from the right side of the screen and walks out from directly below the screen pushing music equipment.
On the right side of the screen, a man in blue pushed an instrument past the central blue cloth and walked out directly below.
The person in the picture pushes the instrument past the central blue cloth and moves directly downwards.
People are entering one after another on the right side of the screen, pushing music equipment and moving directly below the screen.
People are entering one after another on the right side of the screen, pushing music equipment and moving towards the bottom of the screen.
A woman in a light blue top next to the pillar on the upper right side of the screen moves to the lower right corner of the screen.
A white pickup truck in the upper left corner of the screen moves towards the blue cloth.
A woman in blue runs into the hall at the bottom left of the screen and moves to the upper left corner.
The white car next to the blue cloth moves towards the bottom of the screen.
The man in yellow and the man in blue are talking in the center of the screen, and sometimes the man in yellow touches the head of the man in blue.
Two women appear on the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A group of people in yellow clothes appear in the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
A group of people in yellow clothes appear in the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right.
In the center of the screen, people in blue clothes form a circle around the blue cloth and communicate.
In the lower part of the picture, a fat man in a light gray shirt and a person in blue hug and communicate next to the car.
At the bottom of the screen, a child on a white car communicates with a bald man with his back to the camera. Then the bald man got on the car and took out his mobile phone to take pictures.
The man on the white car got off the car and moved up to stand on the back of the car, holding up his mobile phone to take pictures.
A man in a cyan shirt directly above the screen moves to the right side of the screen and walks out of the screen.
A tall man in a white shirt on the right side of the screen moves towards the top of the screen.
On the lower right side of the screen, two men and a woman in blue clothes are standing next to the instrument and communicating.
On the lower right side of the screen, two men and a woman in blue clothes are standing next to the instrument and communicating.
In the center of the screen, people in blue clothes formed a circle around the blue cloth and waved gestures to communicate.
In the center of the screen, people in blue clothes hug each other and talk to each other near the blue cloth.
A row of people in white enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A row of people in white on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner.
People in blue clothes in the center of the screen hug each other and talk to each other near the blue cloth.
A row of people in white enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
A woman in a white top with yellow hair on the upper right side of the screen moves to the lower right corner of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man in blue with a black schoolbag picked up his mobile phone to take pictures.
A man in black appears on the right side of the screen and moves to the left. He hugs and shakes hands with the man in white shirt and then separates.
Four men in blue are communicating and shaking their bodies in the lower left corner of the screen.
Directly above the screen, a man in blue is kicking his legs against the wall.
A man in white on the right side of the screen bent down and rummaged through his schoolbag.
A man wearing a red hat on a blue cloth in the center of the screen is recording with a camera.
A woman in black on the left side of the screen moves to the right and talks to a man after hugging her.
A woman in black on the left side of the screen moved to the right to talk to a man, waving gestures.
A man in the center of the screen jumps up and down, then moves to the bottom of the screen and hugs another man in blue.
A man in blue clothes moves towards the bottom of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man in black and a man in a yellow shirt are talking and making different gestures.
A woman in black on the right side of the screen moves to the upper left corner, then returns and stops next to the blue cloth.
The people on the left side of the screen are pushing the instruments to move directly below the screen.
The people on the left side of the screen are pushing the tall shelves towards the bottom of the screen.
People on the left side of the screen line up and move to the bottom of the screen.
A group of people enter the upper left corner of the screen and push the instruments to move directly below the screen.
Two men in white on the left side of the screen are holding musical instruments and moving to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in white on the left side of the screen are pushing equipment to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in white on the left side of the screen are pushing equipment to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in white on the left side of the screen are pushing black equipment towards the lower left corner of the screen.
A group of people in white on the left side of the screen are holding equipment and moving to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in black on the upper left side are holding equipment and moving to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in black on the upper left side are holding equipment and moving to the right side of the screen.
A group of people in black on the upper left side are holding equipment and moving to the right side of the screen.
A fat man in a yellow shirt in the lower left corner moves to the upper left corner of the screen.
Several people appear on the upper left side and move to the right side of the screen.
Two people in yellow clothes are talking directly below.
A man and a woman are talking in the lower left corner of the screen.
A man in white appears at the bottom left of the screen holding a musical instrument. Move to the right side of the screen and exit the screen.
On the right side of the blue cloth in the center of the screen, a man in blue and a woman in white skirt are talking.
Two people in yellow clothes are talking at the bottom of the screen.
The man in white and the woman in blue shirt on the right side of the blue cloth in the center of the screen are talking.
The man in white on the right side of the blue cloth in the center of the screen moves up and down.
A man in black enters the lower left side of the screen, holding a device in his hand and moving to the right side of the screen.
A man and a woman are talking in the lower left corner of the screen.
A woman in white on the left side of the screen moves to the lower left corner of the screen, and then talks and hugs a woman in the lower left corner.
On the left side of the screen, multiple people in white clothes moved to the right side of the screen.
A row of people in black on the left side of the screen moves to the right side of the screen.
Several people appear on the left side of the screen and move to the right side of the screen.
A man in red on the blue cloth in the center of the screen moves to the bottom of the screen and enters the lower left corner.
A man in white at the bottom right of the screen moves towards the man in yellow below. After hugging each other, the man in white moves to the bottom right corner and leaves the screen.
A man in black appears on the right side of the screen and moves towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A group of men in red appear in the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right side of the screen.
Several men in red on the upper right side of the screen move to the upper left corner.
A man in black enters the lower left side of the screen and moves to the right side of the screen. He hugs the man in white and moves to the upper left.
A man in black enters the lower left side of the screen and moves towards the center of the screen.
Several people enter the queue on the right side of the screen and move to the upper left corner of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man in a black shirt enters, carrying the device and moving to the upper left corner.
A fat man on the right side of the blue cloth in the center of the screen is looking around.
A man in a plaid shirt in the center of the screen moves to the right and hugs two men in white.
A man in gray clothes and a woman with yellow hair directly above the screen move to the right and leave the screen.
The man in plaid shirt in the upper left corner of the center of the screen hugs the man in white cloth and moves to the upper left corner.
A man in red enters the lower left corner of the screen and wants to move to the top of the screen. He hugs the man in white and moves to the right.
After a man in yellow and a man in white hugged and communicated at the bottom of the screen, the man in white moved to the left side of the screen.
The fat man in blue shirt in the center of the screen is sorting the items on the shelf.
A man and a woman appear on the right side of the screen and move side by side towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in white in the upper left corner of the screen turns his body left and right and moves his body.
The person in the picture is pushing the instrument and moving towards the bottom of the picture.
The person in the picture is pushing the high shelf towards the bottom of the picture.
A man in a dark blue shirt in the upper left corner of the screen enters the screen, moves to the lower left corner, and exits the screen.
Two people in blue enter the upper left corner of the screen and move towards the center of the screen.
A woman in a skirt enters the right side of the screen and moves to the left side of the screen.
Two people in blue entered the lower left corner of the screen and moved to the upper left corner of the screen.
A group of people in blue enter the upper left corner of the screen and move towards the blue cloth.
A group of people in blue enter the upper left corner of the screen and move to the right side of the screen.
A man and a woman in the upper left corner of the screen move to the lower left corner of the screen and walk out of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man in red pushes a cart to the upper left corner and walks out of the screen.
A man in a blue shirt with a drum on his chest on the left side of the screen moves to the right side of the screen.
Several men in blue shirts with drums on their chests on the left side of the screen move to the right side of the screen.
Several men in black on the right side of the screen enter the screen and move to the upper left corner.
A man in red on the left side of the screen moves to the right, walks to the right side of the screen, returns and moves to the upper left corner.
Several people in yellow enter the right side of the screen and move towards the upper left corner.
Several people in yellow on the left side of the screen move to the right in turn.
Several people on the left side of the screen moved to the right in turn and left the screen.
A man riding a blue car and wearing a black shirt appears from the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A man wearing a blue shirt appears from the bottom of the video and walks away from the upper left of the video
Three men wearing blue half-sleeves appear below and walk away from the upper left of the video
The man wearing blue half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video
The man in white shorts walks to the lower right corner pillar
Go to the middle trash can and throw garbage
The man wearing white shorts walks to the right
The man wearing white shorts leaves from below
A man wearing white shorts appears from the left side of the video and disappears from the right side of the video
The man in white shorts walked from the left side of the video to the bottom of the video and left
A man pulling goods appears from the left side of the video and leaves from the right side
A small orange trailer enters from the right side of the video and exits from the left side of the video
A small orange trailer enters from the left side of the video and exits from the right side of the video
A white car enters from the left side of the video and exits from the right side of the video
A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a gray half-sleeve on the left side of the video leave from below the video
A man wearing a hat walks out from the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
An orange car enters from the left side of the video and exits from the right side of the video
Three men wearing blue half-sleeves and white shirts walked to the center of the video
In the center of the video, a man wearing blue half-sleeves walks towards the left side of the video
The man in the white shirt in the center of the video comes from the bottom of the video, and the other two men in blue half-sleeves walk towards the left side of the video
Two men wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the left side of the video
A woman in shorts walks out from the left side of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A slightly fat person walks out on the right side of the video
The fatter person leaves from the bottom of the video
A person wearing white half-sleeves walks out from the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
The previously fat woman and a man wearing black half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video to the left side of the video
A group of people wearing orange half-sleeves walked out from the left side of the video and left from the right side of the video
There are three people standing on the lower right side of the video, two women wearing shorts and a man wearing blue half-sleeves
The white car leaves from the right side of the video
Two women in shorts left from below the video
The man wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from the left side of the video
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve leaves from the left side of the video to the bottom of the video
A small car pulling four drums from the left side of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
The four people playing musical instruments in the upper left corner of the video leave from the bottom of the video
Four people playing musical instruments in the upper left corner of the video stopped on the left side of the video
Some people in the lower left corner of the video are visiting percussion instruments
The two percussion instruments and a bass drum that visited before left from the bottom of the video
A group of people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
A group of people on the left side of the video are talking around
Someone pushed out a small curtain from the left side of the video, and someone behind pushed a scaffolding, stopping in the center of the video
A group of people wearing black clothes walked out from the left side of the video and left from the left side of the video
There are several people walking past the center of the video from time to time
Someone appears from time to time on both sides of the video and comes to talk near the curtain in the middle of the video
Two men wearing half-sleeves pushed the curtain from the middle of the video to the bottom and left.
A white car drove to the center and got out of a man wearing a black half-sleeve.
The white car leaves from the middle of the video and from the upper left corner of the video
A circle of people on the left side of the video are talking around
A man wearing trousers walks out from the right side of the video
A circle of people on the left side of the video are talking around
A man wearing a green shirt walked out from the bottom of the video
The man in a green shirt leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The video is on the left and the people talking around leave from the right side of the video
Two men wearing half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and left from the upper left corner of the video
Two men walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one with a red half-sleeve and the other with a black half-sleeve. The two left from the bottom of the video.
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
A group of people in white clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
Two people walked out from the bottom and right side of the video, and both left from the upper left corner of the video
The people walking around the left side of the video before walking out of the right side of the video and leaving from the bottom of the video
A person pushing a box walks out from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person pushing a box walks out of the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue and white half-sleeves stands on the lower left side of the video
The person wearing blue and white half-sleeves leaves from the bottom of the video
A man with black half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and left from the left side of the video
A woman wearing a gray vest walked out from below the video and pushed the central scaffolding below the video.
The woman in the gray vest takes pictures in the center of the video
Some people are playing with musical instruments at the bottom of the video
Two men wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
Two women are talking to each other in the center of the video. A man pulling a box walks out from the left side of the video and leaves from the right side of the video.
Two people wearing black half-sleeves and one person wearing white half-sleeves walked out of the upper left side of the video, and disappeared from the right side of the video.
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks in the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A man dragging a trash can walks out from the right side of the video
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The man dragging the trash can disappears from the left side of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves walking out from the bottom of the video and the person wearing blue half-sleeves walking out from the upper left corner of the video leave from the upper left corner of the video
A person walked out from the bottom of the video and pushed the scaffolding in the middle of the video to the bottom of the video.
The instrument was pushed away by the woman who chatted before
A man wearing gray half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and walked to the wall on the left side of the video to stand against it.
The man in gray half-sleeves walked to the video center and played with his mobile phone
The man in gray is playing with his mobile phone in the center of the video
There are no pedestrians except the man in gray.
The ground is printed with wgts blue and black pattern
A red car appears from the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves appears in the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A person wearing gray trousers and a person wearing gray clothes appear on the right side of the video
The person wearing gray trousers leaves the upper left corner of the video
Some people appeared in the upper left corner carrying musical instruments
In the upper left corner of the video, half of the people wearing red clothes and pushing musical instruments walked toward the bottom of the video and disappeared.
The other half of the person pushing the instrument is still in the video
There is only one large musical instrument left in the video
Someone pushed a drum from the upper left of the video
The piano below the video was pushed away from the bottom of the video
A white car appears in the upper left corner of the video
The white car leaves from the right side of the video
A man wearing a gray vest and a man wearing a blue vest appear in the west of the video
A group of people in black clothes walked out from the bottom of the video and formed a circle in the middle
A group of people wearing black clothes formed a circle and in the center there was a person wearing a black vest talking to everyone.
A group of people wearing blue clothes appear on the right side of the video
A group of people wearing blue clothes appeared on the right side of the video and walked towards the upper left corner of the video
A group of people in black clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
A group of people wearing blue clothes appeared on the right side of the video and disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
A group of people in black clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
A very long team appeared in the upper left corner of the video, wearing black clothes and holding red decorations in their hands
Behind the team, a small group of people wearing blue clothes and holding colorful flags disappeared from the right side of the video.
There are some people chatting on the left side of the video
A group of people wearing black clothes are still surrounding each other
A person pushing a box appears in the upper left corner of the video and disappears from the right side of the video
Two people appear on the left side of the video, one wearing white shorts and the other wearing denim trousers
The two people wearing white shorts and denim trousers leave from the right side of the video
Two people appear on the right side of the video, one wearing white trousers and the other wearing black long sleeves
Wearing white trousers and another person wearing black long sleeves leave from the left side of the video
A man wearing a blue shirt and holding white plastic walked out from the left side of the video
The man in a blue shirt holding white plastic walked to the right and then returned to the upper left corner
A person wearing white trousers appears from the upper left corner of the video and disappears from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue short-sleeves in the middle of the video disappeared from the left side of the video
A white car appears on the right side of the video, drives into the upper left corner and then disappears
A group of people in black clothes in the center of the video are still surrounding each other
A person wearing khaki trousers appears from the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A man wearing a green top and a man wearing blue half-sleeves appeared from the right side of the video
A man in black appears in the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the lower right corner of the video
A woman in a skirt at the bottom of the video ran to the center of the video and left from below
In the upper left corner of the video, a person wearing blue half-sleeves and white shorts walked to the middle and left from the upper left corner.
The circle of people in the middle of the video began to encourage themselves, and disappeared from the bottom of the video after disbanding
Two people walked out of the upper left corner of the video and disappeared from the right side of the video running.
The musical instrument below the video was pushed out of the video by the people who were in a circle before
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out of the upper left corner of the video, and he left the video from the right
A woman wearing blue half-sleeves walks out from the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Two people walked out from the right side of the video and disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from below the video
A person wearing black half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from the upper left corner of the video
There is no one in the video environment, there are two pillars above the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
In the upper left corner of the video, a group of people wearing long skirts of multiple colors and holding musical instruments walked out
A group of people wearing long skirts of multiple colors and holding musical instruments leave from the right side of the video
A group of people wearing yellow and black clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video, holding drums in their hands
A group of people holding drums, also wearing yellow and black uniforms and holding numbers in their hands, disappeared from the right side of the video.
There are two people behind the number holder pushing the scaffolding
There are several people in yellow and black clothes behind the scaffolding, holding musical instruments in their hands, leaving from the right side of the video
A blue car drives out from the right side of the video, drives to the upper left corner of the video, and then leaves.
A person wearing black short sleeves appears in the upper right corner of the video
Below the video are two men carrying bags and a man wearing white half-sleeves.
The person wearing black short sleeves disappeared from the left side of the video
There are two men carrying bags walking out from the bottom of the video
A bunch of people wearing yellow shirts in the upper left corner of the video disappeared from the bottom of the video
The other half of the people in yellow clothes push the large instruments towards the bottom of the video
A bunch of people wearing blue clothes appear in the upper left corner of the video and leave from the right side of the video
A person pushing a speaker on the upper left goes to the bottom of the video
A man in yellow clothes dragging four drums walked out from the upper left
The people in yellow clothes at the bottom of the video walked to the center of the video and formed a circle
During the circle formation in the center of the video, four people left the circle, walked to the instrument, and then returned to the circle.
Two people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one wearing a blue half-sleeve, and the other wearing a red half-sleeve and leaving from the right side of the video.
A blue car behind the two people leaves from the right side of the video
The people in the center of the video become closer and then spread out slightly
Everyone started talking to each other
The people in yellow clothes dispersed and returned to the instruments below the video
A man in yellow hugs the man in black short-sleeves in the middle of the video
The person wearing yellow clothes at the bottom of the video starts to get busy
The three men in yellow at the bottom of the video take selfies of each other
A man wearing white half-sleeves and carrying a bag walked out from below
A white car drives into the top of the video, and a man in red clothes gets out from above. He talks to the man in white half-sleeves and leaves from below the video.
The two people in the center of the video squat down, and a person wearing clothes takes a photo of them. After the end, the two people gather around the two sides of the person who took the photo.
All the people wearing yellow clothes and taking photos in the middle of the video leave from the bottom of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video
Two people carrying a table in the upper left corner of the video disappear from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue short-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves walks towards the upper left of the video
A man in black clothes walks out from the right side of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves and the person wearing black clothes disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
A person wearing white trousers appears in the upper left corner of the video
The man in blue half-sleeves and the man in white trousers disappeared from the right side of the video
A man wearing white sneakers walked out from the right
The person wearing white sneakers leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve appears from the upper left of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing khaki pants appears from the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing khaki pants leaves from below the video
A person wearing black sneakers appears from the upper left of the video
The person wearing black sneakers leaves from below the video
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve holding a camera walked to the center of the video and took pictures on the right side of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves holding a camera left from below the video after taking pictures.
There are three people on the right side of the video, one wearing a white shirt, one wearing a red top, and one wearing black clothes leaving the top left of the video
A group of people wearing gray clothes and holding ladders appear in the upper left corner of the video
The man in gray clothes placed the ladder in the center of the video and left from the upper left corner of the video
A group of people wearing red clothes appeared in the upper left corner of the video holding musical instruments. Several people appeared in the center of the video and continued to push the ladder downwards.
In the upper left corner of the video, behind a group of people wearing red clothes is a group of people wearing black clothes and black hats with feathers on them.
The team wearing red clothes and the team wearing black clothes leave from the right side of the video
There are still three ladders in the center of the video, and the rest disappear from the bottom of the video
With the efforts of 5 people below the video, the three ladders disappeared from below the video in turn
Several people appear twice on the left and right of the video and disappear on both sides of the video from the opposite direction.
A team playing large musical instruments appears in the upper left corner of the video and disappears from the bottom of the video.
There are 5 instruments left in the video, including drums
A group of people wearing yellow clothes appear on the right side of the video and leave from the upper left corner of the video
A group of people in blue clothes appeared in the upper left corner of the video holding red props and left from the right side of the video
A group of people wearing boots walked out from the right side of the video, holding various props in their hands. They went to the top of the video and put down the props in their hands.
A small car pulls a ball in the upper left corner of the video, and a team wearing boots leaves from the upper left corner of the video
People in blue vests walked out from the bottom and upper left corner of the video. Some of them were gathered together at the bottom of the video, and a few were near musical instruments.
A team wearing boots appears in the upper left corner of the video, followed by another team wearing blue vests
The team wearing blue vests following the boots team formed a team at the top of the video and left from the right side of the video
The team wearing boots lines up in the upper right corner of the video
Another team wearing blue vests and holding musical instruments appeared in the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing blue vests and holding musical instruments left from the right side of the video
The team wearing boots leaves from the right side of the video
Three people wearing dark blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video, chatting in the middle of the video
The person chatting in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
The people in a circle at the bottom of the video dispersed and returned to their instruments.
The team wearing blue vests pushed instruments and spheres from the bottom of the video and left the video
In the upper left corner of the video, two people carrying shelves with black cloth left from the bottom of the video.
A person in red clothes walked out of the right side of the video and disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walks out of the upper left corner and leaves from the right side of the video
A team wearing red skirts walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and walked towards the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve comes out of the upper left corner of the video and the right side of the video.
The two people wearing blue half-sleeves walking out from the bottom of the video disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves appears in the upper left corner and disappears from the right side of the video.
A man wearing blue half-sleeves appears on the right side of the video and disappears from the bottom of the video
An orange car drives out on the right side of the video, and two people wearing gray half-sleeves hold trash cans in their hands
The orange car disappears from the upper left of the video, and two people wearing gray half-sleeves place the trash can next to the pillar in the middle of the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the right side of the video
Two people wearing gray half-sleeves leave from the upper left corner of the video
A white car drives out of the upper left corner of the video and stops in the center of the video
After the white car stopped in the middle of the video, it started again and disappeared from the upper left corner of the video.
An orange car appears from the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
Four people wearing black clothes appear on the right side of the video
Four people in black clothes leave from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing black clothes appears on the right side of the video, and a person wearing gray clothes leaves from the upper left corner of the video
Some people wearing black half-sleeves in the upper left corner of the video gathered below the video
Those people wearing black clothes disappeared from the bottom of the video, and a person wearing gray half-sleeves was taking pictures
In the upper left corner of the video, a group of people wearing green half-sleeves are pushing instruments towards the bottom of the video
Those people wearing black half-sleeves disappear from the upper left corner of the video after appearing from the bottom of the video
The last half of the team wearing green half-sleeves pushed their instruments and stopped in the center of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves is chatting in the middle of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and disappeared from the upper left corner of the video.
Four people walked out of the upper left corner of the video. One of them was wearing red half-sleeves, and the other was wearing jeans and left from the bottom of the video.
The person in gray clothes holding a trash can walks out from the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves in the center of the video disappears from the bottom of the video
Many people walked out of the upper left corner of the video. They came to the middle of the video to take pictures and then left from the bottom of the video.
A black shelf in the upper left corner of the video is pushed to the middle of the video
A group of people wearing pink clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video and disappeared from the right side of the video
A team wearing green coats walked out of the upper left corner of the video, holding yellow props in their hands, and walked out from the right side of the video
Four people wearing green half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and chatted with each other in the middle of the video
A group of people holding white poles walked out from the right side of the video and left from the upper left corner of the video
A person walks out of the upper left corner of the video holding two boards, one is blue, and leaves from the bottom of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
A man wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and stood in the middle of the video
The person standing in the middle of the video disappears from the upper left corner of the video
Some people wearing blue half-sleeves began to gather in the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves at the bottom of the video begins to carry the instrument
A person wearing green half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
People wearing blue half-sleeves continue to gather above the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves at the bottom of the video begins to carry the instrument
People wearing blue half-sleeves in the upper left corner of the video begin to form a circle
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves at the bottom of the video pushed the instrument out from under the video after talking and left the video
Two people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one of whom was carrying a blue board
A four-wheel motorcycle in the upper left corner of the video, pulling a small trailer with drum accessories on it
The person carrying the blue board leaves from the right side of the video
The four-wheel motorcycle pulled something away from the bottom of the video, followed by a group of people in blue clothes, carrying musical instruments
The second half of the team wearing blue half-sleeves stopped in the center of the video
In the middle of the video, the person wearing blue half-sleeves began to pass around blue long-sleeves, and everyone began to change clothes.
The person wearing blue half-sleeves changes clothes in the middle of the video
The person wearing blue long sleeves in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A white car drives into the top of the video
The white car leaves from the right side of the video
A man wearing a gray shirt appears on the right side of the video pushing a trash can
A person wearing a gray shirt walks out from the right side of the video, and a person pushing a trash can leaves from the upper left side of the video
Someone pulled out a huge gray painting on the left side of the video
Someone stopped three huge gray paintings in the center
Two huge gray paintings are pushed in the upper left corner of the video
After several people in the center of the video talked, they started to pull the third picture
After the third picture moves, the fourth picture also starts to move
Three or four paintings came to the end of the line to form one painting
A team wearing blue long sleeves appears in the upper left corner of the video
Several people wearing black tops walked out from the right side of the video
Several paintings in the center of the video, with people wearing blue long sleeves and a person carrying a blue board
Several people in black clothes leave from the right side of the video.
The four people in the center of the video wearing blue long sleeves walked to the bottom of the video after talking and continued talking.
Several people wearing blue long sleeves came and talked below the video.
The previous paintings appear on the right side of the video
The paintings on the right side of the video stopped
A person carrying a blue board walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The person carrying the blue board leaves from the right side of the video
The person wearing blue long sleeves below the video and several paintings on the right side of the video left below the video at the same time
A man wearing half-sleeved white sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The man in half sleeves with white sleeves leaves from the upper left of the video
A team wearing red clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team in red clothes leaves from the right side of the video
The white car leaves from the upper left corner of the video
On the right side of the video, a man wearing black half-sleeves and two people wearing white coats passed by, one of whom was pushing a box
The three of them were followed by a person wearing black clothes
A person carrying a blue board in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the right side of the video
At the bottom of the video, a woman wearing black half-sleeves picked up a camera from the left and left at the top left
Enter the upper left corner of the video. A white car drives to the middle, makes a circle, and leaves from the upper left corner of the video.
A team wearing red clothes comes from the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing red clothes, half of the team stopped in the middle of the video and the upper left corner of the video
The person in red clothes in the video wears a red hat with red feathers on it
Two people in red clothes disappeared from the bottom of the video
Four people in red clothes walked out from below the video
Three more people in red clothes walked out from the bottom of the video and gathered in the upper left corner of the video, forming a circle.
There is a person wearing blue half-sleeves taking pictures in the center of the video
There is also a person in gray clothes taking pictures in the upper left corner of the video
The people in a circle in the upper left corner of the video dispersed
After they dispersed, the person in red clothes returned to his instrument
Four people walking out from the right side of the video holding blue and red boxes
The person holding the blue and red box leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The person in red clothes in the center of the video starts to carry the musical instrument
The team in red clothes leave from the bottom of the video
The team wearing black clothes stopped in the center of the video
People in black clothes began to take out black long-sleeved gowns and put them on
A shelf appears in the upper left corner of the video with a black board on it
The shelf is followed by a scaffolding, which stops in the middle of the video
The scaffolding is followed by a shelf with a yellow device leaving from below the video
There is a group of people wearing black half-sleeves behind the shelf
The person wearing a black coat disappeared from the bottom of the video
In the middle of the video, a man wearing a blue half-sleeve took a ladder off the scaffolding
People in black coats walked out of several doors below the video and walked towards the team in the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing black clothes in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the right side of the video
There are many cameramen in the middle of the video, people wearing black hats chatting with each other
The person wearing a black hat in the center of the video is sorting out his clothes
Several people wearing black hats walked out from the bottom of the video and gathered in the upper left corner of the video
A man in a black coat walked out from the right side of the video, walked to the shelf and started kicking
The person kicking next to the shelf in the center of the video stops
A man holding a black hat walked out from the bottom of the video and a man walking from the middle of the video hugged each other
The person holding the black hat hugged another person walking from the middle
The people in black hats are chatting with each other in the middle of the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve in the upper left corner of the video disappeared from the right side of the video
Two people wearing black hats walked out from the bottom of the video. They walked to the middle of the video and were blocked by a shelf.
A person in a black coat in the center of the video walked to the bottom of the video and disappeared
Two people in black clothes are talking to a person in a red hat in the center of the video
After the three people in the center of the video talked, a person in black clothes took a photo of another person in black clothes.
A man wearing black half-sleeves walks out from behind the shelf in the middle of the video
The person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from below the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the right side of the video
One of the two disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
The other person walked towards the shelf below the video
A person dragging a trash can walks out from the right side of the video
In the middle of the video, a person in black clothes is pulling his legs
The person dragging the trash can leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The person pulling the legs in the middle of the video begins to wrap around the arms
The person in the middle of the video stopped wrapping his arms and started to arrange his clothes
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out from the right side of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing shorts in the upper left corner of the video walked to the top of the video to talk.
One of the two people talking at the top of the video disappeared from the right side of the video
The other of the two people talking at the top of the video walks towards the upper left corner of the video
There is a group of people gathering in the upper left corner of the video
A white car drives into the upper left corner of the video
A team wearing yellow clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The white car disappears from the right side of the video
The team wearing black hats at the bottom of the video carries musical instruments and stands
The team in yellow clothes leaves from the right side of the video
The team wearing black hats disappeared from the bottom of the video
Three people are chatting on the right side of the video
Two of the three people disappeared from the bottom of the video
One of the three people leaves from the right side of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves appears on the right side of the video
The person walking out from the bottom of the video and the person walking out from the right side of the video walk towards the upper left corner of the video, and the other person walking out from the bottom of the video disappears from the right side of the video
The person walking out from the bottom of the video and the person walking out from the right side of the video disappear from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing a red half-sleeve comes out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing red half-sleeves disappears from the bottom of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video
A person carrying a black backpack walks out from the right side of the video
A person dragging a trash can out of a door in the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video
The man with a black backpack is standing next to the trash can in the middle of the video
The person dragging the trash can leaves from the right side of the video
Two cameramen walk out in the upper left corner of the video
Two cameramen left from below the video
The team wearing blue coats leaves from the right side of the video
In the upper left corner of the video, a few people in blue half-sleeves walked out sporadically and left from the right side of the video.
The two previous photographers appear below the video
Two photographers disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
A person carrying a black backpack in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A woman next to the person carrying a black backpack stopped in the video
In the center of the video stands a woman wearing a black backpack.
A woman carrying a blue schoolbag walks out from the bottom of the video
The woman carrying a blue schoolbag leaves from the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the right side of the video
The person carrying a black schoolbag walks out of the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the upper left corner of the video
The person carrying a black schoolbag leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from the right side of the video
A team wearing yellow and black clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing yellow and black clothes paused briefly in the center of the video
The team wearing yellow and black clothes leaves from the right side of the video
A small car drives out in the upper left corner of the video, with musical instruments behind it and a scaffolding behind it.
Behind the scaffolding is a team wearing blue clothes.
The team in blue clothes stopped in the middle of the video
The team in blue clothes put down their instruments and formed a circle below the video
Four people walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team below the video is still in a circle
The team below the video dispersed and left below the video
The four people walking out of the lower left corner are walking near the musical instruments
Four people left from below the video
A person wearing blue clothes appears from below the video
Three people wearing blue clothes walked out from below the video
The team wearing blue clothes walked out of the bottom of the video and formed a circle on the right side of the video
The team forming a circle began to shake
Someone is taking pictures on the left
The team forming a circle began to disperse
Two people wearing blue and gray half-sleeves in the middle of the video leave from the bottom of the video
Some dispersed teams have re-formed into a tighter circle
The team dispersed and each returned to their instruments
The man in blue clothes began to carry the musical instrument
A woman is arranging musical instruments at the bottom of the video
The team in blue clothes leave from the bottom of the video
Two people walked out from the right side of the video, one wearing a white shirt
The two people leave from the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video
Three people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one wearing white shorts and the other carrying a black backpack
Two people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one wearing a red half-sleeve and the other wearing a black half-sleeve.
The three people walking out of the upper left corner of the video leave from the right side of the video
The two people walking out of the upper left corner of the video leave from the bottom of the video
A person wearing white pants and a white top appears from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A white car enters from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
Three people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video
Three people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video
Two people walked out from the right side of the video, one wearing black trousers and the other wearing a black shirt
The two people leave from the upper left corner of the video
A group of people walked out of the upper left corner of the video and stopped in the middle of the video
After a brief pause, disappear from the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve and a man wearing a black half-sleeve walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves and the person wearing black half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video
Three people walked out from the right side of the video, holding boxes in their hands
Three people took the box and left from the upper left corner of the video
Two people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one wearing blue half-sleeves and the other wearing black trousers
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves and black trousers walked to the bottom of the video to talk.
The two people wearing blue half-sleeves and black trousers left the upper left corner of the video after talking.
A white car on the right side of the video leaves from the top left of the video
Three people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one wearing white half-sleeves, one wearing black trousers, and one wearing blue half-sleeves
A person wearing white clothes and white pants walks out of the upper left corner of the video
Three people wearing white half-sleeves, black trousers, and blue half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video
The person wearing white clothes and white pants stops in the middle of the video
The person wearing white pants and white clothes leaves from the right side of the video
Two people wearing black half-sleeved black pants walked out of the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing black half-sleeved black pants leave from the right side of the video
A person carrying a box walked out of the upper left corner of the video, followed by a woman wearing black clothes. The two left from the bottom of the video one after another
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A person carrying a black backpack walks out of the upper left corner of the video, and a person wearing a blue half-sleeve leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves walked to the middle of the video and paused, then left from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from the right side of the video
A bald man walks out from the bottom of the video
The bald man leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing black trousers appears from the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing black trousers leaves from the bottom of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves appear below the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the upper left of the video
A person wearing yellow half-sleeves appears below the video
The person wearing yellow half-sleeves disappears from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves disappears from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing green half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves leaves from the upper left of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from the right side of the video
A man riding a bicycle appears from the upper left corner of the video
The man riding a bicycle stopped on the right side of the video and talked to a blue half-sleeve who appeared on the right
A man in green half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves leaves from the bottom of the video
Two people wearing black half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video, one of them dragging a trash can
Two people wearing black half-sleeves left from below the video
A person wearing black half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from the right side of the video
Two people appear in the upper left corner of the video, one wearing green half-sleeves, leaving from the right side of the video
A person wearing a white top and white pants appears from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person walked out from the bottom and right side of the video at the same time. The person below the video was wearing a black half-sleeve.
The person on the right wears blue half-sleeves, and the two leave from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing a blue half-sleeve walks out of the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
The three people talking in the middle of the video dispersed, and the cyclist left from the right side of the video
Three people talking in the middle of the video, the other two leave from the upper left corner of the video
The three people walking out of the upper left corner of the video and a person wearing a red half-sleeve walking out of the bottom of the video disappeared from the right side of the video
A group of people walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
A man in yellow clothes walks out from the upper left corner
A person wearing dark blue half-sleeves on the right disappears from the bottom of the video
The group of people who walked out from the right side of the video left from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
A person wearing a blue vest walks out from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves appears on the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing white shorts walks out from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A team wearing blue clothes leaves from the upper left corner of the video to the right
A white car following the end of a team leaves from the right side of the video
A team wearing red clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing red clothes leave from the right side of the video
A person wearing white trousers and white clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video, walked to the middle of the video, and then returned to the upper left corner of the video and left.
Two shelves appear in the upper left corner of the video, and several people are pushing them below
There is a person wearing white clothes and hanging red decorations in the upper left corner of the video.
There is a shark fin-like decoration in front of the person hanging the red decoration, which is pushed to the bottom of the video and disappears
A part of the shark fin decoration is exposed below the video
The two shelves in the middle of the video began to be pushed, and the first shelf was pushed under the video and left.
A person wearing a white half-sleeve and a person wearing a red half-sleeve at the bottom of the video leave from the upper left of the video
The shelf below the video was pushed out of the video and left
There is a person pushing a red trolley in the middle of the video, leaving from the bottom of the video
In the middle of the video, a person wearing a green half-sleeve and a person wearing a black half-sleeve are walking to the left
Three brown triangle decorations appear in the upper left corner of the video
The first decoration leaves from below the video
Another brown triangle decoration is launched in the upper left corner of the video, and four brown triangles stop in the middle of the video
A brown triangle decoration is launched in the upper left corner of the video and stops in the center of the video
There are now 5 brown triangle decorations in the center of the video
A brown triangle decoration moves to the right side of the video
There are two brown triangle decorations coming out of the upper left corner of the video
The first brown triangle decoration below the video leaves from below the video
A part of the brown triangle decoration appears below the video. After it is flattened, it leaves from below the video.
Two people wearing dark blue shirts walked out from the bottom of the video holding a blue bucket in their hands
Two people wearing dark blue shirts leave from the right side of the video
Another brown triangle decoration leaves from below the video
The two people in blue clothes in the center of the video leave from the bottom of the video
A man wearing a red vest walked out from the bottom of the video
A team wearing yellow half-sleeves walked out from the right side of the video
A person wearing blue clothes walked out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing blue clothes leaves from the right side of the video
The person in the red vest turned back and walked to the brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video
A brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video leaves from below the video
Two brown triangle decorations appear in the upper left corner of the video
A brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A team wearing green clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The teams wearing yellow clothes in the video line up above the video
A brown delta decoration leaves from the bottom of the video in the middle of the video
A brown triangle decoration appears in the upper left corner of the video
The team in green clothes leaves from the right side of the video
A brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video disappears from below the video
Four brown triangle decorations appear in the upper left corner of the video
A brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video disappears from the bottom of the video
The team in yellow clothes at the top of the video leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing a red half-sleeve and a man wearing a red vest walked out from the bottom of the video, preparing to carry the brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video
A brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
Another brown triangle decoration leaves from the bottom of the video in the middle of the video
A brown triangle decoration in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
Three people in red clothes on the right side of the video are talking to people in white clothes and black clothes
In the middle of the video, a person wearing a red half-sleeve pushed a brown triangle decoration below the video
In the middle of the video, a person wearing a red half-sleeve once again carries a brown triangle decoration and pushes it below the video
A brown triangle decoration below the video leaves from below the video
There is a brown triangle decoration below the video leaving from below the video
The person wearing white clothes on the right side of the video disappears from the bottom of the video
The person wearing red half-sleeves at the bottom of the video pushes a brown triangle decoration under the video
In the middle of the video, a person in red clothes pushed the brown triangle decoration below the video and disappeared.
In the middle of the video, a person wearing half-sleeves pushed the last brown triangle decoration below the video
The person wearing half-sleeves pushed the last brown triangle decoration under the video and disappeared
A person wearing white clothes and a person wearing red clothes appear below and on the right side of the video.
A person wearing white clothes and a person wearing red clothes leave from the right side of the video and the other leaves from the bottom of the video
At the bottom of the video, a man wearing red half-sleeves walked to the middle of the video, circled and left from the bottom of the video.
Three people wearing red half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and left from the upper left corner of the video
There are three people chatting with each other in the middle of the video. At the bottom of the video, a person in black clothes adjusts the instrument for the person in red.
Among the three people chatting in the middle of the video, a woman wearing black clothes walked towards the two people at the bottom of the video
Two people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, and the three people in the middle of the video left from the bottom of the video
Three people walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
In the upper left corner of the video, on the right side of the video, and below the video, three people wearing blue half-sleeves appeared in the middle of the video and stopped talking.
A person holding a small cabinet walks out from the right side of the video and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person riding a bicycle on the right side of the video leaves from the upper left corner of the video.
One of the three people talking in the middle of the video leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A slightly fat man walked out from the bottom of the video and went to the middle of the video to talk to the two people.
A person wearing a red half-sleeve on the right side of the video leaves from the upper left corner of the video
At the bottom of the video, a person in red clothes and a person in black clothes walk towards the upper left corner of the video
A person in red clothes and a person in black clothes leave from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing a red shirt walks out of the upper left corner of the video
The person in the red shirt puts the instrument on the lower right side of the video
A team wearing yellow clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing yellow clothes gathered in the middle of the video
The team in yellow clothes gathered towards a person wearing light blue half-sleeves
The team in yellow clothes formed a circle towards a person wearing light blue half-sleeves
Two people wearing red half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video, and a person wearing white clothes also joined the crowd.
A white car drove into the upper left corner of the video and drove to the gathering people.
In the middle of the video, two people wearing blue half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video
The person wearing white clothes and a person wearing red half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video.
The white car in the middle of the video leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing yellow clothes places props on the wall at the bottom left of the video
Two people walked out from the upper left corner of the video pushing two pianos
A team wearing red clothes in the upper left corner of the video launches several large musical instruments from the upper left corner
A man in white clothes walked out from the bottom of the video, walked to the upper left corner of the video and talked to the man in red clothes pushing instruments.
A team wearing black clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the bottom of the video
The team in yellow clothes at the bottom of the video took away the props from the person in the lower left corner of the video and disappeared from the bottom of the video.
There are six people talking on the right side of the video, four of them are wearing red clothes, one is wearing a plaid shirt and one is wearing white shorts.
There are two people wearing green half-sleeves and one person wearing blue half-sleeves on the right side of the video, leaving from the upper left corner of the video
The two people in yellow clothes who appeared at the bottom of the video took a few props at the bottom of the left side of the video and left from below the video.
The people in red clothes pushing musical instruments in the upper left corner of the video walked to the middle of the video to gather.
Two people dragging trash cans on the right side of the video leave from the upper left corner of the video
Several people in the team wearing yellow clothes at the bottom of the video walked to the pillar in the middle of the video with props
People in red clothes form a circle in the middle of the video
In the middle of the video, a man in a light blue shirt is lecturing people in a circle.
In the middle of the video, a person wearing yellow clothes and a person wearing red clothes hold hands with each other
After the person in the light blue shirt in the middle of the video finished his lecture, he walked to the bottom of the video and formed a circle with the person in red.
A person wearing white clothes walked out from the bottom of the video, walked to the top of the video and talked to a person wearing gray clothes
The person in white clothes leaves from below the video
Four people in black clothes walked out from the right side of the video
Four people in black clothes leave from the upper left corner of the video
A man in half-sleeves ran to the bottom of the video and went to the team in yellow clothes above the video to high-five everyone.
In the middle of the video, a woman is filming people in a circle
The woman filmed leaves from below the video
Two people wearing gray shirts dragging trash cans walked out from the top of the video and left from the right side of the video
A man in red clothes walked out from the bottom of the video, talked to a man in red clothes in the center of the video, and then the two walked together near the team in yellow clothes in the video
At the bottom of the video, a man wearing a plaid coat walked to the team wearing yellow clothes and lectured
The people in a circle below the video began to cheer for themselves
A team wearing blue pants appears on the right side of the video
The people in red clothes formed a circle and dispersed, walking near the musical instrument in the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing blue pants leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The team in red began to carry the instruments one by one and disappeared from the bottom of the video.
There is a quad bike in the team
The team in yellow clothes at the top of the video also began to walk towards the bottom of the video
The team in yellow clothes disappeared from the bottom of the video
A person wearing a green half-sleeve and a person wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out from the right side of the video, leaving from the bottom of the video
A red car in the upper left corner of the video pulls two small trailers, followed by two racks
The little red car disappears from the bottom of the video
In the upper left corner of the video, there are several people walking out pushing musical instruments.
The first shelf below the video leaves from below the video
In the upper left corner of the video, three more people walked out one after another, pushing musical instruments.
A group of people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, carrying a white shelf
A fat man in a yellow shirt walked out of the top of the video and walked to the trolley in the middle of the video
A group of people carrying a shelf in the upper left corner of the video, carrying the shelf and placing it in the middle of the video
A group of people wearing red clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video, followed by a group wearing black hats.
The team wearing red clothes and the team wearing black hats leave from the right side of the video
The people who moved the shelves also left with the team
People wearing black and white tops in the middle of the video form a circle in the middle of the video
The people in a circle in the middle of the video turned to face the video
After turning around, everyone gathered in a circle again, with hands on shoulders.
A man wearing a yellow half-sleeve and a man wearing a red half-sleeve walked out from the bottom of the video and walked to the car in the middle of the video to talk to people.
The person wearing yellow half-sleeves in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A team wearing black clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video, and the four people at the top of the video left from the bottom of the video
The team wearing black clothes in the video leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing a green half-sleeve and a person wearing a blue half-sleeve walk out on the right side of the video
The person wearing green half-sleeves and the person wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the upper left corner of the video
Some fat people wearing yellow shirts in the video leave from the bottom of the video
In the video, people in a circle stretched out their hands to cheer.
The people in a circle in the middle of the video dispersed, the members started hugging each other, then walked to the upper left corner of the video and started playing instruments
The team pushing instruments and moving shelves left from below the video
An orange car in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the right side of the video
A white car in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the right side of the video
On the right side of the video, there are two people wearing blue half-sleeves and one person wearing plaid shorts.
Two people in gray clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing plaid shorts leaves from the bottom of the video
The two people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video
The two people in gray clothes leave from the right side of the video
The orange car leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A team pushing musical instruments walked out of the upper left corner of the video, and stopped in the middle of the video in the second half
A white car appears in the upper left corner of the video and disappears from the right side of the video
A group of people wearing black and white clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
The people wearing the same clothes behind the team wearing black and white clothes push the pillar decoration and leave from below the video
A person wearing dark green half-sleeves at the bottom of the video walks to the middle of the video and plays with his mobile phone
A fat man wearing a green hat is staring at the camera at the bottom of the video
A person wearing black and white clothes appeared on the right side of the video and walked to the musical instrument attachment in the middle of the video, and one of the people wearing black and white clothes walked to the upper left corner of the video and disappeared.
A group of people wearing white robes and holding flags walked out from the right side of the video
The man in white robe holding chess pieces puts the flag on the ground
The white car leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The man in white robe stood above the video after putting down the flag
People in white robes picked up flags from the ground and lined up
There are several people wearing blue half-sleeves above the video leaving from the right side of the video
Three people walked out from below the video
One of the three people is wearing a gray half-sleeve and leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The team pushing musical instruments and the team wearing white robes on the left side of the video leave from the bottom of the video
An orange car appears in the upper left corner of the video pulling a musical instrument
Two people dragging trash cans walked out from the right side of the video and disappeared from the upper left corner of the video.
The orange car pulling the musical instrument leaves from the bottom of the video
A white car drives into the right side of the video
A team pushing musical instruments in the upper left corner of the video stops in the middle of the video
The white car leaves the video from the upper left corner of the video
The four people in the center of the video pushing instruments walked to the blue landmark in the center of the video and stood in a row
A person wearing yellow and blue clothes walked out from the bottom of the video and walked to the center
A person ran out of the upper left corner of the video and stood in a row with the four people in the video center
The person wearing yellow and blue half-sleeves and four or three people pushing instruments left from the bottom of the video
A person wearing a hat opens a black object at the bottom of the video
The person wearing a hat at the bottom of the video closes the black object
Four people walked out of the upper left corner of the video. Three of them were wearing the same black and white clothes as the team pushing the musical instruments, holding a hat in their hands, and the other one was wearing a plaid shirt.
The four people walking out of the upper left corner of the video walked to the middle
One of the four people wearing black and white clothes began to change clothes
A person wearing light blue half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
A few people in the middle of the video are chatting
The person wearing light blue half-sleeves leaves from the upper left corner of the video, and a person wearing black half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing white half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video, playing with his mobile phone
Below the video, two people moved a black box to the bottom of the video and disappeared.
A woman in a blue skirt in the upper left corner of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A white car drives into the upper left corner of the video
The people standing in the middle row leave from the bottom of the video
The white car disappears from the right side of the video
Three people holding hats in the middle of the video leave from the bottom of the video
The remaining two hugged each other after dancing
After hugging, the two people left from the bottom of the video
A half-sleeved white sleeve comes out of the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing white sleeves and half sleeves leaves from the bottom of the video
A person wearing white half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video and walked to the barrel next to the pillar in the center of the video
Two people dragging trash cans walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The two people dragging the trash can leave from the right side of the video
A team wearing black clothes and eight people wearing half-sleeves of different colors walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing black clothes leaves from the right side of the video
Eight people wearing different colors came to stand below the video
A scaffolding was dragged out in the upper left corner of the video, followed by a team wearing black clothes and holding musical instruments in their hands.
A white car drives into the right side of the video
The white car leaves from the upper left corner of the video
The scaffolding stops in the middle of the video
The team wearing black clothes and holding musical instruments leave from the right side of the video
The eight people below the video leave from the right side of the video
The five people near the central instrument in the video walked to the bottom of the video and shook hands with each other
After shaking hands with each other, the five people hugged each other and returned to their respective instruments.
In the middle of the video, a man wearing a green vest moved a ladder and left from below the video.
A team wearing black hats with white feathers walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing black hats with white feathers on them leaves from the right side of the video
Four rows of teams wearing black hats with white feathers appeared in the upper left corner
Four rows of teams wearing black hats with white feathers on them leave from the right side of the video
Many people walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
Three people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, walked to the middle of the video, and hugged two people wearing black half-sleeves
The three people walking out of the upper left corner talked for a while after hugging and left on the right side of the video.
Seven people in black clothes walked out from the right side of the video and walked towards the upper left corner of the video
A woman in a purple skirt walked out from the bottom of the video and walked to the musical instrument in the middle of the video to talk to people.
The person in the purple skirt left the vicinity of the instrument and walked to the scaffolding below the video
A man in black clothes walked out from the bottom of the video. At this time, a man next to the musical instrument hugged him
After hugging, the two returned to the instrument. Three people walked out of the upper left corner of the video wearing white tops and black pants.
In the middle of the video, the instruments begin to be moved to the bottom of the video
The person wearing a white top and black pants disappears from the right side of the video
Four more people wearing white tops and black pants walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The musical instruments disappeared from the video one after another, and four people wearing white tops and black pants disappeared from the right side of the video
A team wearing black hats with white feathers appears in the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing a black hat with white feathers is listed in the upper left corner of the video.
The people at the front of the team leaned their black boards against the upper left wall of the video
A team wearing red clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team in red clothes leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing red half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video and disappears from the right side
A person wearing blue half-sleeves appears from the upper left corner of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves disappears from the bottom of the video
A man in gray half-sleeves appears in the upper left corner of the video dragging a black shelf and leaning it against the wall on the left side of the video
A team pushing various drums appears in the upper left corner of the video
There are many other instruments behind the video, which disappear from the bottom of the video
Some instruments stopped on the left side of the video
More musical instrument teams appeared in the upper left corner of the video
Many instruments stopped in the middle of the video
Several instruments bypass the instruments on the left, pass through the middle of the video, and disappear below the video
There are several instruments that bypass the instruments on the left and go to the middle of the video. The first few instruments disappear in the video, and the remaining ones stop in the middle of the video.
In the middle of the video, two team members and a man wearing blue half-sleeves disappeared from below
The two people carrying a ladder at the top of the video disappeared from the right side of the video
Three people carrying black backpacks walked out from the right side of the video
In the middle of the video, near the instrument, a man wearing red half-sleeves walked out from the side and disappeared from the bottom of the video.
Three people carrying black schoolbags disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing black half-sleeves walks out of the upper left corner of the video
A team member walked out from the bottom of the video
The person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from the right side of the video
The team members who appear below go to the team next to the instrument to talk.
A team member shakes hands with a person wearing red half-sleeves at the top of the video
In the upper left corner of the video, the team members began to gather
The person wearing red half-sleeves disappears from the right side of the video
Two people walked out from the right side of the video, one wearing a black long skirt and the other wearing a black half-sleeve
The team members are chatting with each other above the video
The person wearing a black long skirt and black half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video
A person wearing gray half-sleeves in the middle of the video is taking pictures
A person wearing blue half-sleeves at the bottom of the video walked to the middle of the video, turned around, and then disappeared from below.
A white car drives into the upper left corner of the video
The white car leaves from the right side of the video
A team wearing blue clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team wearing blue clothes leaves from the right side of the video
A white car drives into the right side of the video
The white car disappears from the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing gray half-sleeves walked out from the right side of the video
The two people wearing blue half-sleeves leave from the right side of the video, and the person wearing gray half-sleeves leave from the upper left corner of the video
A team wearing blue shorts walked out of the right side of the video
The team wearing blue shorts leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A person in a wheelchair appears on the right side of the video
A man in gray clothes at the top of the video is leaning against the pillar in the middle of the video
The person in the wheelchair leaves from the upper left corner of the video
Two people wearing blue shorts walked out from the right side of the video
Two people wearing blue shorts disappeared from the upper left corner of the video
The instrument in the middle of the video was moved from the bottom of the video
The team carrying the black board on the left side of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A man wearing a plaid shirt walked out from the bottom of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves and a person wearing pink clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing a plaid shirt, a person wearing blue half-sleeves, and a person wearing pink clothes are chatting on the left side of the video
A white car drives into the upper left corner of the video, with musical instruments behind it.
The white car is followed by a team pushing musical instruments
The white car leaves from the bottom of the video
The team pushing musical instruments disappeared from the video one after another
The second half of the instrument stops in the middle of the video
Two musical instruments are launched in the upper left corner of the video
There are two musical instruments disappearing from the bottom of the video.
Five people wearing blue shorts walked out of the upper left corner of the video and left from the right side of the video
A team wearing blue clothes walked out of the upper left corner of the video
The team in blue clothes stopped in the middle of the video
The person wearing blue clothes next to the instrument in the middle of the video leaves from the bottom of the video
The team wearing blue clothes disappeared from the right side of the video. There were people holding musical instruments and flags in the team.
The team members wearing blue clothes form a circle at the bottom of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and left from the upper left corner of the video
People wearing blue half-sleeves gather into a smaller circle at the bottom of the video
The players at the bottom of the video dispersed and returned to their respective instruments in the middle of the video
A man in black clothes walks out of the upper left corner of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Three people walked out of the upper left corner of the video, two of them were wearing blue half-sleeves and one was wearing a white shirt
One of the people wearing blue half-sleeves walked to the white car in the upper left corner of the video
Another person wearing blue half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video
People in white shirts stand next to the pillar in the middle of the video
Three people wearing blue half-sleeves and a person wearing a black hat are talking to each other at the bottom of the video
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves in the upper left corner of the video walked to the middle and paused, then left from the upper left corner
Two people wearing blue half-sleeves are taking selfies at the bottom of the video
One of the two people who took a selfie at the bottom of the video walked to the bottom of the video and disappeared.
Another person taking a selfie below the video disappeared from below the video
Three people are talking to a person wearing a white shirt
Two people wearing black half-sleeves at the bottom of the video also joined the conversation
Five people wearing blue half-sleeves form a circle below the video
The people in a circle at the bottom of the video dispersed and returned to their respective instruments
The instruments in the middle of the video are moved to the bottom of the video and disappear.
The team wearing blue clothes leaves from the right side of the video
The white car circled around and left the upper left corner of the video
A person wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video
The man in blue half-sleeves is standing on the phone in the middle of the video
A white car drives into the upper left corner of the video
The white car leaves from the right side of the video
The person wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from the bottom of the video
A person wearing white clothes walks out from the right side of the video
Another person wearing a white shirt walks out on the right side of the video
Two people in white shirts leave from the upper left corner of the video
A person in a wheelchair appears on the right side of the video
The person in the wheelchair leaves from the upper left corner of the video
A man wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from below
On the right side of the video, a man wearing blue half-sleeves dragging a small box and a man wearing blue shorts walked out
Three people leave from the upper left corner of the video
There is a blue sign on the ground in the center of the video
There are two pillars above the video, and a black curtain hangs on the right
Two men wearing white badges, blue tops and beige pants walked into the upper left corner of the screen.
A person carrying a yellow bag and black items walked to the lower right corner of the screen
A man in a blue shirt and beige pants runs past from the right to the left of the screen.
In the lower right corner of the screen, a man in a blue shirt and beige pants walks to the right
Two staff members in blue shirts on the right side of the screen push two gray trash cans
A staff member walks from the right to the left
Another staff member walked aside, put the bucket down and walked towards the bottom of the screen
A man in a blue shirt and black shorts walked by on the left
A man in a blue shirt and beige pants on the left walked below
Several employees on the left came pulling several large objects
Draw dozens of women in white skirts and blue pants walking past
There are six men in blue shirts talking in the center
The person pulling several large objects returns
One of the six men in blue shirts left upwards
Two men in dark blue shirts and white trousers came to the right and walked to the left
A man in a white shirt and black pants walked in from the right and walked to the left
A man in a red hat and dark blue shirt enters on the right and walks to the left
A woman in a dark blue top enters on the right and walks to the left
There are many people passing by in the picture, and there are only four men in blue left in the middle
There are six male and female tourists on the right walking towards the left
A man in blue walks down from the right
A man in black clothes and black trousers and a man in a gray shirt walked from the left side of the screen to the right side
A man in white clothes and black pants walks into the right side and a woman in a green top and black pants walks to the left side
Three men in blue shirts walked below
Two of the three men in blue shirts walked to the left side of the screen
One of the three men in blue shirts stands in the center of the screen
A man in white clothes and brown pants walked under the pillar above
The man in blue holding something on the right took a few steps to the left and then walked to the right
A man in blue on the left walked down and passed
Two staff pushing trash cans on the left walked past the right
Two men in blue and yellow shirts and trousers on the right and a man in white shirts and black trousers walk to the left
A person on the left pushing a car carrying a lot of things walked past the right
A man in blue walks down
A man in blue walks to the left pillar
A man in blue walks into the bottom and right side of the screen.
Two men in blue walked to the left
The man in blue on the left walks down
The two men in blue are chatting without any change.
A man in blue on the left side of the screen walks to the right side carrying a bag
A man in blue on the left walked down
Two men in blue are chatting in the screen
The man in blue in the lower right corner walks to the right
Two men in blue shirts on the right side of the screen and three men and women in blue clothes below walk to the left side of the screen
There are people passing by in the picture, most of them are blue tops, and a small number are dark blue.
Three men in blue shirts in the center of the screen walk down
The man in blue at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
The man in blue on the left side of the screen walks towards the bottom of the screen
A man in blue on the left side of the screen walks to the bottom of the screen
The man in blue walks to the right side of the screen
A man in blue below walks to the left
A man in blue walks past on the right side of the screen
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen walks to the right
A woman in black and blue on the right walks down
No one passes by in the screen
On the right side of the screen, a man in a white shirt, a man in a black shirt, and a man in a gray shirt pushed a large black table to the pillar above and left.
A woman in blue on the right walks to the left
In the picture, three men in blue walk from the right and below to the left
One of the three men in blue is carrying a brown schoolbag
A man in a white shirt and black pants enters the right side of the screen and walks to the left
A man in a dark blue shirt on the right side of the screen walks down
Two staff members in dark blue shirts pushed two gray trash cans to the bottom
Several men in blue shirts passed by
A woman wearing a skirt on the right and a man pulling a small cart in a white top and black pants walk to the left
A man in a dark blue shirt below walks to the left side of the screen
A man in a blue shirt and black shorts on the left side of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen
A woman in a blue top on the left walked to the bottom of the screen
The man above walked to the right side of the screen
There is no movement of people in the screen
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
The man in dark blue shirt returns to the bottom of the screen
A woman in red denim shorts and holding something on the left walked towards the bottom of the screen
A woman in a blue shirt on the right side of the screen is talking to a man in blue.
A man in a white shirt and black pants entered on the right side and walked to the left side of the screen
Two men in blue at the bottom of the screen, one fat and one thin, walked towards the left side of the screen
Three people in the center of the screen are talking
A woman in a blue skirt on the left walks to the right
The man in the blue shirt carries the camera and walks below
A woman in a red top and blue shorts at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
Several people on the left side of the video pushed a large shelf to the center of the screen
The man in the green shirt and the man in the gray shirt walked down
The two people on the shelf walked down
Two staff members in blue on the left drove a white car down below
Two staff members in blue came forward to talk to a car from the left.
The man in the dark blue shirt below walks to the left side of the screen
The fat man in white shirt and brown pants walks down
The white car walks to the right side of the screen
Dozens of people in black clothes came to the left side of the screen, all carrying large black objects in their hands, and half of them stopped on the right side of the screen.
The man in blue at the bottom of the screen drives a white car to the left side of the screen
Two men entered from below
The team on the right started to move and two men in blue passed by
Several people in white shirts and black pants passed by
Many people are moving in the screen
The team moved a little to the right
There are a small number of people in the picture moving towards the bottom and left side of the video
The team moved a little
The woman in black walks past the right side of the screen
Five people in the center of the screen are looking upward
On the left side of the screen, a woman in black holds something blue in one hand and pulls the car with the other to the right side.
A man in a green shirt on the left side of the screen walked to the center of the video
A group of people in white shirts and black pants came to the left side of the screen and walked to the center of the screen to the left
Four men in green shirts on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
A man in a white shirt and black pants walked to the left side of the screen
There are many people moving in the picture, and a few people in the center are taking pictures
A woman in black and a woman in a gray top holding a camera walked by
A large team led by two men in white clothes and white pants began to move to the right
The person behind the big team is holding a large
Another team of people in white clothes and black trousers on the left side of the screen began to move neatly to the right side of the screen, carrying drums
Four people in white shirts and black pants on the left are holding things and walking to the right
A car pulling something drove to the center
The black shelf was pushed away from the bottom of the screen
Many people passed by
The car started to move. Behind the trailer were five drums, and the car drove towards the bottom of the screen.
The people on the left each play a large musical instrument
Large musical instruments are placed sequentially on the left wall
The performers in white clothes began to gather in a pile
Many people coming in and out next to the performer
Many men in white shirts and black pants are gathered in a circle
The man in gray shirt next to him is taking pictures
Several men in blue walked from the left to the right
A crowd of people wearing orange clothes and holding things began to gather on the right
People in white clothes form a circle in the picture
There are scattered people coming in and out around
People in orange clothes gather in a pile on the right side of the screen
The crowd did not change significantly, several people walked by
A woman in red on the left side of the screen is pushing a wheelchair and walking past the right side
The man in yellow below walks to the left side of the screen
The man in yellow below walks to the left side of the screen
Two women in blue on the right walked to the left
The men in white in a circle in the center dispersed
The person carrying the musical instrument below leaves from below
Two men pushing trash cans at the bottom of the screen walk to the left
Many people passing by in the center of the screen
The man in white at the bottom left of the screen pushes the large musical instrument downward in an orderly manner
The team in yellow clothes on the right leaves from below
Two staff members on the right drove a white car to the left
A group of people pushing large black musical instruments stopped at the upper left
Three men in blue at the bottom of the screen and several people on the right walk to the left
Three men in the center pushed a large black object to the bottom
The large instrument on the left begins to be pushed downwards
An orange car on the left side of the screen pulled a trailer with many things on it, and stopped in the center of the screen
On the left side of the screen, a row of people in black clothes and holding blue things walked past in an orderly manner.
The woman holding a stick in the row behind the team walks to the right
The black speaker is pushed to the bottom of the screen
A man in a blue shirt walks past the left side of the screen and four men in yellow shirts walk to the right
The large black shelf on the left was bypassed by two men and pushed to the bottom of the screen by the orange car.
A man in a white shirt and black pants on the left side of the screen walks to the right
Two women in blue on the right walked to the left
A man in a blue shirt and three men in dark blue shirts on the left side of the screen walked to the top of the video
A man in blue turned around
A group of people are coming from the left side of the screen
Several men stood at the top of the screen
More than ten people in white shirts walked towards the left side of the screen
A group of children in black pants and pink leggings walked to the right
On the left side of the screen, children with white tops and black pants come to the right side of the screen.
Three men in white shirts and black pants on the left side of the screen walked behind the goods and stopped.
The black shelf at the bottom of the screen leaves and several men in white leave the screen.
The musical instrument in the lower left corner of the screen is pushed away
The orange cart drives to the bottom of the screen
Many performers in white tops and black pants pass by on the right side of the screen
Two waves of people walked past the left side of the screen.
Many people on the left side of the screen pushed large piano-like instruments to the bottom of the screen
Some instruments stopped in the center of the screen
A staff member on the right side of the screen pushed a cart with goods to the left side of the screen
Three people in blue on the left, and a person in a white shirt and black pants walked to the right side of the screen
The two teams of performers in orange shirts on the right side of the screen walked from the front to the left in an orderly manner holding items and flags in their hands.
The performers at the back walked to the left sporadically
Performers in blue and white shirts began to gather at the top of the screen
Many people wearing black vests and black shorts passed by on the left side of the screen, each holding a blue flag in their hands
The people in the center of the screen have all moved to the bottom of the screen
Six women in orange and black tops with blue flags came over from the left side of the screen and stood in the lower right corner of the screen.
There are many people on the left side of the screen
A man in a white shirt and red hat leads a row of three performers in blue shirts and holding musical instruments from the left to the right side of the screen
A man in a blue shirt holding two ladders walked by
Most of the people in blue clothes in the picture are moving towards the bottom of the picture
Many people on the left side of the screen pushed many large orange circles to the center of the screen
There are a few people moving in the screen
There are musical instruments and many large orange circles in the screen
There are a few people moving in the screen
There are musical instruments and many large orange circles in the picture
There are a few people moving in the screen
There are musical instruments and many large orange circles in the screen
A car full of people at the top of the screen drives to the right
Four men in blue are chatting in the center of the screen
Three men in blue shirts walked to the bottom of the screen
The instruments in the video are pushed below
A group of women holding flags on the right side walked to the bottom of the screen
In the picture, two people push a yellow circle to the bottom in an orderly manner
There is no one in the screen
A man in blue and white clothes on the left side of the screen walked below
A man in a gray shirt below walks to the left side of the screen
A man in a flowery shirt walks past on the left side of the screen
A woman in a white top and blue pants walks past on the right
A woman in blue clothes walked above
A man in a dark blue shirt on the left side of the screen pushing a trash can walked to the bottom of the screen
A man in a blue shirt walked past the bottom of the screen and walked to the left
The man pushing the trash can walked to the right side of the screen
On the left side of the screen, two men in blue and one in black walk to the right side of the screen
The second half of the crowd pushing large musical instruments stopped at the bottom of the screen
Two men on the left side of the screen pulled a ladder to the bottom of the screen
A man on the left side of the screen is carrying a yellow pillar, followed by a large number of performers in blue clothes and white hats, holding musical instruments, walking from the left to the right side of the screen
A group of performers in dark blue uniforms gather together below
The crowd on the side is taking pictures and talking
Three women in blue moved stools to the right side of the screen
The crowd dispersed and went below, where two performers were dancing with white hands
A man in white on the right walks to the bottom of the screen
A man in blue holding a camera on the right side of the screen took pictures and left
Two men at the bottom of the screen high-fived and hugged each other, and the three of them were talking.
A white car on the right side of the screen drives to the left side of the screen
The person in the screen began to move the instrument and pushed it to the bottom of the screen
There is a blue mark on the ground in the screen, with two pillars above it
A woman in a gray top on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A man in a white shirt and a black coat on the right side of the screen walks to the left
A man in a blue shirt on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
In the picture, a man in a dark blue shirt walks from the left to the right
A man in a blue shirt and black pants at the bottom of the screen walks to the center of the screen and returns to the bottom
A man in a blue shirt on the left walks to the right
A man in a black shirt and black pants on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen walks to the right side of the screen
Many people on the left side of the screen pushed large musical instruments to the bottom of the screen
The second half stops in the center of the screen
The team pushing musical instruments begins to move downwards
The team pushing musical instruments begins to move downwards
The white car stopped in the center of the screen
Performers dressed in white and brown gathered in a pile
A group of people pushing musical instruments walked out from below intermittently, until four large musical instruments stopped.
The instruments begin to be pushed to the top of the screen
A car full of items on the left side of the screen drove to the bottom
A group of people in blue shirts and black trousers on the left side of the screen pushed instruments to the bottom
The instrument stopped at the bottom of the screen. Performers wearing blue tops and black pants formed a circle.
A group of performers in blue shirts and black pants on the left side of the screen walked to the right side of the screen holding instruments
The team behind stopped on the left side of the screen
The crowd in blue below dispersed
A group of performers wearing blue tops and black pants on the left side of the screen walked to the right side of the screen holding instruments
Three black shelves are pushed on the left side of the screen
The instrument in the lower left corner is pushed to the bottom of the screen
The black shelf is pushed to the bottom of the screen
A group of performers in blue shirts walked to the bottom of the screen holding orange and blue baffles
The team begins to move downwards
The woman in the white top at the top of the screen pushes the black table to the bottom of the screen
The instruments at the top of the screen begin to move downward
The man in the red shirt gathered the performers together
People in white and brown shirts form a circle in the center of the back screen
A group of people are talking together in the picture
The crowd dispersed and then gathered together again
In the picture, the performers in white and brown clothes gathered together and started taking pictures, and then dispersed
A white car passed by
On the left side of the screen, a performer in a white brown shirt and holding a green thing in his hand walked past and walked to the right side of the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man wearing a black shirt and white pants pushed a trash can to the left side of the screen.
A man on the left pushes a garbage truck to the right of the screen
The person pushing the silver cart on the left side of the screen walks to the right side of the screen
Many people pass by the right side of the screen
A group of performers with green shirts and green instruments came from the left side of the screen and walked to the right side of the screen.
A group of female performers in colorful clothes and holding flags on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
Several people in the screen are chatting and doing somersaults in the middle
In the picture, people push instruments to the bottom of the picture
The truck pulling goods on the left has moved to the bottom of the screen
On the left side of the screen, a green car with cargo on the back drove to the bottom of the screen.
Three men in blue clothes and green hats walked to the bottom of the screen
A metal cabinet was pulled to the right side of the screen
A large wooden shelf was pushed to the bottom of the screen by several people
Two men in blue on the left side of the screen drove a white car to the right side of the screen
There are two people taking pictures in the center of the screen. Many people pass by behind, and the screen is empty.
A group of large musical instruments came over from the left side of the screen and stopped at the bottom of the screen to line up in an orderly manner.
The performer in dark blue uniform walked to the bottom of the screen
Two men in dark blue shirts at the bottom of the screen moved large black objects to the center of the screen
Followed by several people carrying other black objects to the left side of the screen
Enter the bottom of the screen and play a drum and a gong.
The performers in dark blue uniforms in the center of the screen walked to the top of the screen and formed a circle to talk.
Many people passing by
A man in blue pushed a white car to the right side of the screen
Six women in orange tops on the left side walked to the right side of the screen
The crowd dispersed
A group of men in black clothes and black trousers walking past the left side of the screen and holding silver large bags came to the right side of the screen
A group of performers holding very tall objects came over from the left side of the screen and stopped.
A group of performers in black shirts and holding red and blue instruments came from the left side of the screen and walked to the right side of the screen.
A group of performers in black on the right side of the screen came to the top of the screen and formed a circle
A group of performers in orange and purple clothes on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen holding instruments
There are many people queuing in the picture, and there are musical instruments placed against the wall on the left
A group of people at the top of the screen waved and dispersed, walking to the right side of the screen
A white car on the left side of the screen drives to the right side of the screen
Many people in the screen are talking and moving past
A group of performers in orange shirts and blue flags walked past the left side of the screen and walked to the right side of the screen.
A group of musical instruments at the bottom of the screen are pushed to the bottom of the screen
Many people pushing small trees on the left came to the center of the screen
Three men in black clothes, black pants and black top hats walked down the left side
The performer with the colored flag on the right walks to the bottom of the screen
A group of people in dark blue clothes and black hats in the center of the screen, pushing small trees, walked to the bottom of the screen in an orderly manner
A white car on the right side of the screen drove to the left side of the screen
A man in black clothes at the top of the screen pushes a trash can to the right side of the screen
A man in a blue shirt and black pants at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
Two men in blue on the left drove a white car to the right side of the screen
A man in black at the top of the screen walks to the center of the screen to watch and then returns to the left side of the screen
A man in black and a man in white on the left side of the screen pulled a large silver box to the right side of the screen
A woman in a blue dress on the left side of the screen walks to the bottom of the screen, and a woman in a green top walks to the right side of the screen
There is a blue sign on the ground in the center of the video
There are two pillars above, and a black curtain hangs on the right
There is a blue sign on the ground in the center of the video
There are two pillars above the video
There is a black curtain hanging on the right side
A man in a green shirt and gray pants on the left side of the screen walked to the right side of the screen
Five people walked by on the left side of the screen
The man in dark blue shirt and gray pants and the man in blue shirt walked to the bottom of the screen
The three people in yellow clothes walked to the right side of the screen
Two women in blue tops on the left side of the screen walked to the right side of the screen
There is a blue sign on the ground in the center of the video
There are two pillars above and a black curtain hangs on the right side
A man in a black shirt and gray shirt on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A group of performers in yellow clothes on the left walked to the right side of the screen in an orderly manner holding long black objects.
There is no movement of people in the screen
There is a blue sign on the ground in the center of the video
There are two pillars above the video, and a black curtain hangs on the right
A man in white and black pants on the right side of the screen and a man in black pushing a large box walked to the left side of the screen
Six people on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
The man in black under the pillar at the top of the screen is cleaning his glasses
A woman in an orange top and gray pants on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A man in a gray shirt on the left walked to the right of the screen
A woman in a red skirt walked to the left side of the screen
A man in a blue shirt on the left and a woman in an orange shirt and gray pants walk to the right of the screen
The man in black at the top of the screen left the pillar and walked to the left side of the screen
The man in black on the right walked to the bottom of the screen
Four women in gray tops and red skirts on the left side of the screen walked to the right side of the screen
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen walked to the right
The man in black on the left walked to the center of the screen and turned back
The woman wearing a red skirt on the left walks to the right of the screen
Two staff members in dark blue shirts and gray pants on the left side of the screen pulled the trash can to the bottom of the screen
A man in white on the left walked to the right of the screen
The man in the dark blue shirt below walked to the left side of the screen
Four performers in orange skirts on the left side of the screen walked to the right side
Two staff members in blue shirts and a staff member in yellow shirts at the bottom of the screen walked to the left
A woman with a blue top and black backpack on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A staff member in a gray shirt and gray pants on the right side of the screen pulled the trash can to the left
The two people below walked to the center of the screen
A man on the left walked to the right
A man in a dark blue shirt on the right side of the screen pushed a trash can to the bottom of the screen
The man in blue walked to the left side of the screen
An old man in white clothes on the right walks to the left
Two women with backpacks on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
Three people in blue walked below
Many performers in gray tops, orange skirts and holding blue things on the right side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
Several passers-by walked to the bottom of the screen
A man in white clothes and gray pants at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A woman in a blue top on the left walked to the right of the screen
Two women in gray tops and orange skirts at the bottom of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
Three staff in dark blue shirts at the bottom of the screen push cleaning tools to the left
An orange car on the left side of the screen drove to the right side of the screen
A woman with a blue top and black backpack on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
A man in a blue shirt playing with a mobile phone at the bottom of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
A man in a white shirt and green clothes on the right walks to the left
Three women at the bottom of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
A woman in pink clothes and black pants on the left walked to the right of the screen
Two staff members in blue on the right drove a white car to the left
A man in blue at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
Many passers-by on the right side walked to the left side of the screen
A staff member in blue clothes and black backpack on the left walked to the right side of the screen
A man in blue on the right side of the screen walks to the left side of the screen
On the left side of the screen, a group of performers in black tops, orange and white pants, holding black props in their hands walked past and walked to the right
A man in black on the right walks to the left of the screen
Three women in skirts on the left side of the screen and a man in a blue top and beige shorts walked to the right side
A man in a black shirt and yellow shorts on the left side of the screen walks to the right
A woman in a blue dress at the bottom of the screen walks to the left side of the screen carrying a purple bag
Two performers in black tops and white yellow pants on the right side of the screen walked to the left
The video is in a bus, full of people, driving, daytime
The woman in the white coat opened her purse and took out her mobile phone and started making a call
The man in black coat tidied his clothes
The woman in white turned to talk to the man in black coat
The woman in white yawned and put her mobile phone in her bag
The man in the back seat stood up and walked to the front door after the car stopped. When the car started, the man returned to the back seat and sat down.
The vehicle continues to drive
In the video, there is a building with white lights. There is a road in front of it, there is constant traffic, and it is night.
A red and white bus passes up from below and flashes its side lights
A lady in gray clothes and a fur coat walked into the store
A man wearing glasses, blue shirt and jeans came from the right
The clerk in red came over to get something, opened the cash register and gave money to another lady. After the lady in red clothes walked away for two steps, the clerk squatted down
A lady in a gray top, brown vest and black pants walked into the store to look around, then bought something, got the change, took two steps back, looked in, and walked out of the store.
The middle-aged man in black shirt leaves the store
The man in blue talks to the clerk and holds something with his hands on his hips
The man in a blue coat walked to the computer and took away the black object next to it
The man in the blue coat returned to the computer and put back the black object and began to operate the computer
The man has been operating the computer.
A man in a blue shirt and jeans and a man in a blue coat walked by holding two white objects in their hands
The man wearing glasses in gray clothes and gray trousers walked to the coffee table, picked up the magazine, sat on the sofa, flipped the magazine, put it back, and left
A clerk in a convenience store lowers his head to work
The man in dark blue shirt walked to the counter with a drink
The man in a dark blue shirt has been communicating with the clerk at the counter and touching the goods on the shelves next to him.
Middle-aged man in black shirt leaves the store
The man in the blue shirt walked to the left and moved two boxes of items and placed them on the box on the right.
went to the back and moved a big box and put it up.
The man pulled out the cart, pressed the lever, and pulled the cart and goods away
A man wearing glasses and a brown-gray shirt passed by
There are people coming and going at the door of a gray building
In a three-story shopping mall, the blue capsule-shaped elevator rises to the second floor
The camera rotates to the left and stops at the counter
A man and woman pushing a stroller came out of the elevator door
Video zoom in, a man in blue and a man in black sitting on the ground, and a man in black
Video zoom, continue to rotate left and stay in front of an elevator
There are many people in the video, a man in a pink shirt on the left, and a man in a blue and white plaid shirt in the middle
The man in the white shirt made another phone call, walked from the left to the right of the screen, and then disappeared on the left
There is a slight flow of people in the store, and the location has changed significantly.
The man in white walks from left to right
A man in a brown shirt and two men in white shirts and black pants walked up
A lady in a black top and gray skirt walks past with a black object in her hand
In a white room, there is a large flow of people, and a man in a blue plaid shirt is patrolling
A woman in a white top and red skirt and two women in orange clothes walked by, talking to the woman in blue skirt
The man in white shirt and black pants is taking pictures in video
During the flow of personnel, the changes in the personnel in the video are more obvious
The woman in blue and white porcelain clothes is talking and shopping with people
There are obviously fewer people in the video and they are more scattered
The flow of people began to increase, many people passed by
A man in a blue shirt, black pants, holding a handbag and a yellow badge walks from right to left
Significant increase in personnel
The man in white shirt looking at his mobile phone appeared from the right, got the yellow badge, put it on his neck and left
Four men appeared from the right, with red shirts and yellow badges, black and white shirts with yellow badges, light pink jackets with yellow badges, and dark red jackets. They watched in front of the camera and then left.
The man in a blue and white shirt came to the center of the lens with a camera and started recording, constantly changing positions during the process
A man in a white shirt, brown gray trousers holding a red, white and blue bag in his hand and several men in white shirts stay in front of the camera
Many people wearing yellow badges are passing by
The lady with a purple top and yellow badge appeared in the lower left corner, brushed her hair, walked a few steps back, watched, and then left.
The man with the camera in the blue shirt and yellow badge started taking pictures
The woman in blue clothes starts making a phone call
A man with a gray shirt, yellow badge and a shoulder bag appeared, spoke in front of the camera, nodded, and then left
A woman wearing a spotted dress and a yellow badge appeared, watching in the middle of the road, and then left on the right
The woman in blue clothes continued to make phone calls and then left from the left
A man in a dark blue shirt, beige shorts, and a yellow badge came up with a camera, took off the camera and talked to the two women next to him.
Two ladies in blue tops and light blue tops wearing glasses and yellow badges communicated with the man holding the camera, then communicated with the man in white tops, and then left
A man in a cyan shirt, black pants, and a yellow badge held some papers in his hand, gave one to the woman in a blue dress and a shoulder bag, and then left.
A man in a black shirt, yellow rope and blue badge is arranging his hair and leaving
The woman in purple clothes starts to comb her hair
Two men in green uniforms with red epaulettes and yellow breastplates, holding red, white and blue handbags, looking around
The lady in the blue and white porcelain dress with the yellow badge walked to the middle and started taking pictures, then checked the camera in place
The flow and changes of personnel are large, and the flow of people is large
There are vehicles and several low buildings in the video on a roadside
There are pedestrians and cars passing by in the video
A white bus drives past to the right
A man in yellow walks from the left
There is constant traffic passing by on the street
A man in a brown shirt and jeans walks from the right and turns right
A woman in a black and red top passed by other people's workstations, talked, and then returned to the original route
The man in brown shirt and jeans returns the same way
In an office, there are many office spaces and employees are working
Three men came from three directions. Among them, the man in black shirt walked to the middle and turned around to talk to the man in white clothes.
In an office, there are many office spaces and employees are working
A man in black clothes and black pants walked from the upper left corner to the lower left corner
The man in white came from a distance and walked to the middle to talk to the man in a blue and black plaid shirt.
The man wearing a blue and black plaid shirt got up from his seat and walked to the middle to talk to the man in white
An office with many workstations and two people walking
In an office, a man in a white shirt and jeans and a man in red appeared from the lower left corner respectively. The two walked around the work station and returned to the starting point.
In an office with lights on, there are many workstations
The man in red walked down past the man in white and returned to the starting point
The man in white appeared and walked towards the distance. He circled the office and passed the man in red at the starting point and disappeared in the lower left corner.
The man in red walked to the right, walked around the office, passed the man in white at the starting point, and disappeared in the lower right corner
The lady in gray top and jeans walks from right to left, holding coffee in her hand
People coming and going in a store
A man in red decorates balloons on the counter, and a woman in red puts the box on the shelf
The man in red takes the board away
The man in red and a woman with hair are sorting in front of the counter
After the woman left, the man in red still tidied up alone
The man in red left the counter and came back to clean up the counter.
Everyone started to tidy up the store together, the woman in black decorated flowers, and the woman in purple tidied the shelves
After everyone finished sorting, they left immediately
The screen turns into a store in the dark
There are a large number of tourists walking around in the mall
There are a large number of tourists in a venue, there are many tourists outside the venue, and there is a hanging display board in the lower left corner
The staff opened all the doors and tourists entered one after another
There is a man in green holding the camera high to take pictures
There are several staff members in the office. The staff in blue clothes are talking to the staff in white clothes. The staff in black pants are out of view of the camera.
The staff in blue turned around and sat down.
The staff wearing shirts on the right stood up and came over to talk to the staff in blue and white.
The staff member wearing a shirt put his hand on his chest with a smile, then turned and looked out of the camera
Two staff members, one tall and one short, enter the camera. The tall staff member talks to the three people who talked before
At this time, a staff member came to talk to these four people
A staff member came to the upper right of the camera to join the conversation of several people and passed through the three staff members to sit on the sofa
Six people continue to talk
The staff member in the upper left corner walked out of the workstation while talking on the phone, then turned around and returned to the workstation.
The shirt staff raised his hand to signal the tall staff to talk to him
The tall staff turned sideways and started talking to the staff in shirts
There are two men sitting opposite each other in the room playing chess and card games. The man in black turns over the three cards on the table, and the man in gray touches the cards with his hand to confirm
The man in black puts two chips on the table, and the man in gray pushes two chips on the table
The man in black touched the card with his left hand and played a card from the pile in his right hand, and pushed out the chip again. The man in gray followed closely and pushed out a chip.
The man in black puts a card on the table again, puts down the cards in his left hand, picks up the card pile with his right hand and pushes out all the chips, and the man in gray pushes out his own chips again
Then the two people showed each other the two cards in their hands and put them on the table. They looked at each other and smiled. The person in gray made a fist with his right hand and moved it upward. The person in black took all the chips to his own area.
A blond woman in black walked to the door and looked up at the camera
Then he reached out and pushed the door to enter the room, and the back door was closed.
A silver car drove from the left side of the road. After the lifting rod was raised, the vehicle entered the parking area.
The silver car turned right and completed a U-turn before stopping in front of the lifting pole.
The silver car started to reverse and then moved forward. During this period, a silver van drove past to the left.
The silver car goes straight and then turns right and leaves the camera.
On a road, there are several cars parked, several workers are working, and a staff member drives an excavator to lift the goods
A man in white got out of the back seat of the yellow car, closed the door and got into the passenger seat.
The excavator staff puts down the goods
The excavator starts to eject and move backward, then stops
The excavator changes direction, lifts the cargo, and releases the soil from the cargo
Then the excavator shovel transferred the cargo bag, causing it to roll over and the staff jumped to escape.
The excavator staff and the yellow hat staff nearby tried to lift the excavator.
The yellow car starts and leaves
The staff tried to no avail. At this time, the yellow car turned around and drove over. The yellow hat staff waved and then the car stopped.
The car reversed and then stopped. The staff was at a loss next to the excavator.
The car continued to reverse. At this time, a staff member came to the lower left corner to check the situation.
After reversing, the car started to move forward, and then stopped. Three staff members were checking next to the excavator. The owner of the car got out of the car and stepped forward to watch.
Four people discussed how to solve the problem and worked together to lift the excavator upright.
The owner of the car returned to the car, and the staff continued to work on the excavator
The car reversed and then moved forward out of the camera's field of view. The staff got off the excavator and released the goods, and then the three of them talked.
The staff took the cargo bags out of the construction area and continued talking.
In the parking lot, the camera turns left to see several vehicles
A black mini car is moving forward, then drives out of the camera, and two people in the distance are pushing a black car
The camera turns right and sees a black mini car driving towards the camera, then turns right and enters the parking space
The camera turns right. After the black mini car stops, the camera continues to turn right and three cars are photographed.
The camera turns left and continues to shoot the black mini parking area
A woman got out of a black mini car
Then the camera turns left to the earliest angle of view
The camera turns left again to the left parking area
Then the camera returns to normal again
There are several diners eating in a restaurant. A man in green is holding food and walking out of the camera's field of view. A group of diners is preparing to order at the dining table.
A boy in red in the upper right corner is eating food and walking towards the camera
A man is reading a book in an office, and a man puts two bags of items on the table in front of him
The man pulled the yellow item out of a bag of items. The man reading looked at the standing man, and then the standing man gave the yellow item to the man reading.
The sitting man held the yellow object in his hand and watched. The standing man handed the red object in the object to the sitting man and then took out another object and handed it to him.
After the man handed another bottle of items to the sitting man, he took out four items and two bananas and gave them away.
The man then took out another item and handed it to the sitting man, and then took out three items and handed them to the man.
The man placed the black bag on the ground and then continued to take out the items from the white bag and handed them to the sitting man
Then the man put the white bag on the ground. The sitting man stood up and took out the coins and handed them to the standing man. The standing man left and the man who took out the money sat down.
A man is holding a red bag in his right hand, touches the wall with his left hand, then opens the door and leaves
In a restaurant, two people entered from the door and walked inside.
The waiter has been clearing the table
In a supermarket, the clerk at the counter is sorting items
A customer opened the door and left the supermarket
A customer pushed the door and entered the supermarket, placing his hands on the counter to observe
Another customer opened the door and entered the store. The previous customer walked towards the supermarket shelves. The customer who just entered took out his wallet and walked towards the counter.
The clerk approaches the counter and hands the items to the customer in front of the counter. The customer pays the currency, the clerk accepts the change, and the customer leaves after accepting the change. The clerk continues to sort the items.
The clerk picked up the item and left the camera's field of view, and the previous customer walked towards the counter
On a rainy day, two men entered the store with umbrellas at the door.
There are several pedestrians walking on the street
An old man enters the store and a woman leaves the store
A cuckold old man looked at the clothes on the clothing rack with a cane, and then left
Two men holding umbrellas walked into the video range
Two men entered the store holding umbrellas.
A man leaves the store
Two women left the store holding umbrellas.
A man enters the store
A man swings the closed umbrella and enters the store
A man leaves the shop with a basin
A number of vehicles were driving on a road. A man in white walked out of the alley and turned left. A man drove an electric car opposite him and passed by. He stopped by the road. , the man in white leaves the camera's sight
Two men riding electric bicycles came out of the alley one after another, entered the road, and then disappeared from the camera's field of view.
At the bottom of the video, a man in a white hat is riding an electric bicycle and is about to turn into an alley.
In a store, three customers were about to leave. The staff opened the door for them. A cart staff behind them left, and a customer behind them also left. The staff closed the door.
The staff left the camera view, a customer pushed the door into the store, and a woman left the store
A bald customer in the lower right corner enters the shop on the right. A man opens the door for a woman and enters the shop one after another.
The woman looks at the products on the right and talks to the clerk.
The man looks at the products on the left and talks with the clerk
A long-haired man opened the door and entered the store, walked straight into the store, and disappeared from the camera.
The door opened again, and two women entered the store one after another and asked at the counter on the left
The man on the left left the store, a female customer looked into the store, and the other customers talked with the store clerk on the left
The woman looking at the store turned to the left store to observe
A woman with short hair opened the door and entered the store. She walked straight into the store and then disappeared from the camera's view.
A woman in shorts opened the door and entered the store, walked straight into the store and then disappeared from the camera's view
The bald man in blue collected the goods and prepared to leave, then returned to the shop on the left
There are several tourists talking and walking around in a venue
A blond woman walked to the table, touched the items on the table, stopped to observe, and finally turned to the staff for consultation
The blond woman took the book from the staff and started to read it
In the underground parking lot, a man walked towards the sign marked 5 on the left, raised his hands, crossed and shook them
Then the man walked to the right side of the camera, raised his hands, crossed and shook them
The man turned around and walked towards the sign marked 10M at the back, raised his hands high, crossed and shook them
Then he walked to the left side of the sign, raised his hands high, and shook them crosswise
The man walked to the far right side of the camera, raised his hands, crossed and shook them
The man walked behind him again until he reached the 20m sign, raised his hands high and crossed them.
The man walked to the left side of the sign, raised his hands high, crossed them and shook them, and then hid his body behind the pillar.
The man leaned out from the left side of the pillar, raised his hands, crossed and shook
Then the man walked to the right side of the camera and continued his actions
Then the man walked to the center of the camera, raised his hands, crossed and shook them
The man turned around and walked back to the sign with the 30M logo, raised his hands high, crossed them and shook them
The man turned to the left and raised his hands, crossing them and shaking them.
The man turned around and walked to the right side of the camera, raising his hands and shaking them crosswise
The man turned back to the 30M sign and raised his hands, crossing them and shaking them
The man walked back to the 20M sign, raised his hands, crossed and shook them
The man walked to the 10M sign, raised his hands, crossed and shook them
The man walked to the 5 sign, raised his hands high, crossed them and shook them, and then left
There are several customers in a shopping mall, and a woman in a long skirt walks into the store on the right
The woman in the long skirt walked out of the store, passed by the people around her, and then disappeared from sight.
A customer in pink clothes walks into the store on the right, and a man in a vest walks toward the camera.
In a store, a man was carrying goods. The woman stepped forward to pick up the fallen goods, and the man left the camera.
The woman is standing in the lower left corner with the man sorting out the goods.
The man turned around and went to the counter to sort out the goods. A woman with long braids came over and the three of them sorted out the counter together.
Then the woman with long braids walked to the lower right corner of the video, then turned and left
A man wearing a pink shirt is walking on the sidewalk
A man wearing a white shirt and black shorts walked on the sidewalk, turned right and entered the store
A man in black is walking on the sidewalk with something in both hands
A mother and daughter crossing the road
There are cars passing by on the road from time to time
A man opened the door, closed it, then entered the hospital and disappeared from the camera's view
A black jeep parked in the parking space
A motorcycle drives straight away from the camera
A man in blue got off the silver jeep and turned left, leaving the camera.
The owner of the black jeep took the bag and got out of the car
The black jeep then got out and four people left the parking lot.
A white jeep is coming
A woman with a ponytail got out of a car. The woman closed the car door and walked forward to touch the machine with her hand.
A woman in white came over and watched the woman with ponytail use the machine. The two started talking,
A passerby in blue passed by,
The woman in white walked to the black car and opened the door
A passerby in black passed by,
A clerk and a customer talking in front of the counter
Two female clerks were talking to a customer at the counter,
A male clerk came with the items, put the items on the table, packaged them, and handed the items to the customer
The female clerk turned around to operate the machine.
The female clerk at the cashier is collecting money, and the customer takes the goods and leaves after paying.
The female clerk opened the cash box to store the coins and tore off the receipt
The screen turned and two customers left the store one after another.
In the gas station, a man with a yellow hat stood next to a white car, and a silver car drove towards the right
A man got out of the silver car, opened the car's fuel tank, and then entered the car.
The man in the yellow hat entered the white car and left
The silver car drove up to the machine, and then the owner got out of the car, opened the fuel tank, and pulled out the pipe on the machine.
A dark blue car passed by the gas station and stopped
The man leaned against the silver car, waiting for the fuel tank to be filled.
The owner of the dark blue car got out of the car and left the camera, then returned to the dark blue car
The dark blue car left,
The man put the pipe back on the machine, closed the fuel tank, and left the field of view
The door to the room was opened, and a man in blue came in, and then disappeared from the view of the camera.
In the office, the camera zooms to a man with bald area. The man leaves and then the camera restores.
The camera captured a sideways man in blue with a beard, who then faced the camera.
There was a staff member in the room. A car passed by and stopped outside the room. The staff member gave the money to the car owner, turned off the machine, and then the car left.
The clerk leaned against the wall, and another car passed by the window. After the car in front left, the car arrived at the window
The clerk gives the money to the car owner through the machine, then closes the cash box and the car owner leaves.
Then another car came. The clerk collected the coins and gave the receipt to the car owner. Then he closed the cash box and the car left.
A car came to the window, the clerk collected the money and gave the receipt to the car owner and then closed the cash box
Several employees in the kitchen are working
A man in the store walked to the doll model, then walked to the counter, and then walked back and forth in the store
Two men came to inspect the items and stopped for a moment.
The man in yellow bent down to pick up something on the ground, and then talked with the man in black in front of the door.
The two unfolded the items and then sorted them out.
The two of them took another item to talk to.
Two people go to the left to observe the items
Another man in gray walked into the camera to inspect the items and then entered the door.
The man in yellow carries a bucket and enters the door to talk.
The man in black went to the man in yellow. After several people talked at the door, the man in gray left.
The man in black and the man in yellow have been talking to the store owner
In a store, a woman stood in front of the counter.
The woman at the bottom of the screen is moving to the right side of the video.
The woman at the bottom of the screen is scanning products at the counter.
There is a sloping basket with goods on the counter at the bottom of the screen. The woman swept away 3 bottles of water.
The woman at the bottom of the screen is scanning pornographic items at the counter.
The woman at the bottom of the screen takes the green bag in the upper left corner of the cabinet and moves to the right. There is a child in the lower right corner.
The man in gray on the left side of the screen enters the screen, looks towards the cabinet deep in the screen, and the child leaves the screen.
A man walked out of the lower right corner of the screen and then left from the upper right corner. A red man entered the screen on the left side of the screen.
The man in red and the man in gray communicate with each other and walk towards the depths of the video, followed by 2 children.
The woman at the bottom of the screen is sorting things on the counter.
The woman at the bottom of the screen is holding something on the left side of the counter.
The woman at the bottom of the screen puts the things on the left side of the counter to the right.
A child appears on the lower right side of the screen. The child sits down with something in his hand and looks at the book on the counter. The woman at the bottom of the screen looks at the child.
In a store there are two people chatting in the upper right corner of the screen.
Four women appear in the lower right corner of the screen and enter the screen. The woman in black gauze puts her hands in front of the goods table.
Three women are lying in front of the shelves, looking at the man in white sitting in the upper right corner of the screen.
The man in white on the upper right side of the screen walks to the center of the screen and communicates with the man in white sitting on the left side of the screen.
The man in the center of the screen turns to the shelf behind to get something.
The man in white turns around and hands the thing to the woman in black veil.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the man in white sitting on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned to the container and put something in his hand. Others looked at him.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned around and walked towards the counter, giving something to the woman in black gauze.
The woman in black veil took the thing and observed it carefully.
The woman in black veil gives something to the woman in black veil at the bottom of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned and walked towards the counter to get something.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned and walked towards the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen gives something to the woman in black gauze at the counter.
The man on the left side of the screen communicates with the man on the right, and the woman in black gauze communicates with the woman in black gauze at the bottom of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen and the man on the right side of the screen are chatting and looking at the woman in black gauze.
The woman in green headscarf in the lower right corner of the screen is adjusting her clothes.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the man on the right side of the screen.
The man on the left side of the screen walks to the top of the screen to communicate with the man on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walks towards the video center and opens the drawer.
The man in white on the left side of the screen took something out of the drawer and handed it to the woman in black gauze.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned around and went to the cabinet at the back, then walked up to the top of the screen.
The woman in black gauze and the woman in black gauze at the bottom of the screen, look at the things on the counter.
The woman in black gauze and the woman in black gauze at the bottom of the screen opened the things on the counter to check and communicate with each other.
The man on the left side of the screen walked to the cabinet in the center of the screen, took something and walked to the counter to open it.
The man in white on the left side of the screen checks the box and communicates with the man on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the man on the right side of the screen.
A woman in blue appears in the lower right corner of the screen and walks into the screen.
The woman in blue turned and looked at the cabinet on the right side of the screen. The man in white on the right side of the screen walks towards the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walks towards the top of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turns around to look for something, and the woman in blue puts something in front of the counter.
The woman in blue leaves from the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen found something and handed it to the woman in black gauze.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is sorting things and communicating with the woman in black gauze.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the woman in black gauze.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is on the phone while turning around to look for something.
The man in white on the left side of the screen hangs up the phone and chats with the man on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is walking in the aisle on the right side of the screen holding a phone.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned around and went to the cabinet on the left to get something and handed it to the woman in black gauze.
The man in white on the left side of the screen put the things on the counter back and took some things from the container on the left and put them on the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walks to the top of the screen to chat with the man in white on the right.
Four women in the lower right corner of the screen are communicating.
The woman in yellow in the lower right corner of the screen is communicating with the three women around her.
The woman in black in the lower right corner of the screen is communicating with something on the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is walking in the aisle with a mobile phone.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is talking on the phone and looks at the man in white on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is talking on the phone and putting his hand in front of the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen hung up the phone and walked to the counter in the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned around and put the things on the counter on the shelves.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walks to the counter and communicates with the four women in the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turns and walks towards the container.
The man in white on the left side of the screen searched for a long time and turned around to take a notebook from a distance to write something.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the woman in yellow after finishing writing.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turns around to take something from the container.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the four women on the right side of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is communicating with the woman in yellow at the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned around to get something and then returned to the counter to continue communicating with the four women.
The man in white on the left side of the screen communicates with the woman in yellow.
The man in white on the left side of the screen stopped the pen in his hand to communicate with the woman in yellow.
The man in white on the right side of the screen is standing in front of the counter sorting things.
The man in white on the right side of the screen left the screen, and the man on the left side of the screen walked to the center of the screen.
The man in white on the left side of the screen picked up the water cup and drank water.
Turn around on the left side of the screen to pick up something and put it in front of the container.
The man in white on the left side of the screen put the things in front of the counter back and took another thing and put it in front of the counter.
The man in white and four women on the left side of the screen introduce items.
The man in white on the left side of the screen moves towards the top of the video.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walks to the container to put things.
The man in white on the left side of the screen walked back to the counter to communicate with the four women.
The man in white on the left side of the screen is looking for something in the drawer under the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen puts the things he found in the drawer on the counter.
The man in white on the left side of the screen turned around and went to the counter behind to get something.
The man in white on the left side of the screen organizes the things on the counter and puts them in bags.
Four women in the lower right corner of the screen leave the screen, and a man in white on the left side of the screen is sorting out drawers.
At a door, a woman in red passed by the screen.
The screen zoom is a two-story shopping mall.
There were scattered people passing by on the first floor.
Shooted on a high-rise building with a street in the middle.
The video is zoomed in on Wing Lung Bank. There are many people on the street.
A gray car passed through, and people passed the zebra crossing one after another.
In an office, a man in red is sitting on the right side of the screen.
A man on the left side of the screen enters the screen and sits on a chair
The man in red is calling.
In an indoor place, there are two people sitting in the picture.
A man in red appears in the lower left corner of the screen and the woman in blue is reading a file.
The man in red stood in front of the counter of the man in blue and took out something.
The man in red took out something and communicated with the man in blue.
The man in red looked at his phone and communicated with the man in blue.
The man in red and the man in blue have a heated exchange.
The man in red gave something to the man in blue, and the man in blue took it and looked at it.
The man in blue communicates with the man in red with his information.
The man in red took off his glasses, turned on his phone and looked at the man in blue.
The man in red looks forward.
The man in blue is looking at the computer, holding a file in his hand.
The man in blue looked at the file.
The man in red looked at his phone.
The man in red leaves and leaves from the left side of the screen.
The man in blue handed the file to the woman in blue.
The man in blue is leaning sideways to communicate with the woman in blue, who is typing.
A man in a plaid shirt appears in the lower left corner of the screen, walking towards the counter of the man in blue.
The man in plaid shirt communicates with the man in blue, and the man in blue is typing and looking at the computer.
The man in gray appears from the lower left corner of the screen and walks to the upper right corner of the screen and leaves.
The woman in blue puts the file on the table in the center of the screen.
The man in blue shirt looked at the computer, and the man in plaid shirt looked around.
The man in the plaid shirt looks to the left side of the screen, and the man in blue looks towards the computer.
The woman in blue turned her chair to stand up, and the man in blue communicated with the man in plaid shirt.
The woman in blue stood up, then squatted down to pick up something and then stood up.
The woman in blue is sitting on a chair and looking to the right side of the video.
The woman in blue opened the drawer and prepared to type. The woman in blue looked to the left side of the video.
The man in blue and the man in plaid shirt looked at each other and communicated, and the woman in blue looked at the file.
The woman in blue puts the file on the middleware table.
The man in the plaid shirt leaned against the table of the man in blue and communicated with the man in blue.
The woman in blue is checking files, and the man in blue is operating the computer and communicating.
The man in blue is communicating with the man in plaid shirt, and the woman in blue is writing.
The man in blue is operating the computer, and the man in plaid shirt is standing at the bottom left of the screen.
The man in the plaid shirt took out his wallet and gave it to the man in blue.
The woman in blue is reading the file, and the man in blue is communicating with the man in plaid shirt.
The man in the plaid shirt leaves the screen, and the woman in blue squats down to look for something.
The woman in blue stood up and put things on the table.
The woman in blue is standing and communicating with the man in blue who is sitting.
The woman in blue stood up and walked towards the top of the video, holding something in her hand.
The woman in blue left the video screen, and the man in blue looked to the right side of the video.
The woman in blue is standing in the door above the video, and the man in blue is looking at the computer.
The man in blue is sitting on a chair looking at the computer, and the woman in blue is holding something pink in her hand.
The woman in blue leaves from the door in the upper right corner of the screen, and the man in blue looks at the computer.
The woman in blue enters the screen from the door in the upper right corner of the screen, and the man in blue stands up.
The woman in blue walked to the door at the top of the screen and stood in the door, and the man in blue looked at her.
The man in blue looks around, and the woman in blue walks to the center of the screen and gives the man in blue a glass of water.
The man in blue caught the water cup and drank water, and the woman in blue sat down and looked at the computer.
After drinking, the man in blue put the water glass on the cabinet behind.
The man in plaid shirt enters the screen holding paper in his hand, while the man in blue shirt is looking at the computer.
The man in plaid shirt organizes the documents in his hand.
The man in blue brought the documents on the table to himself.
The man in blue opened the cabinet at the back and took out something.
The man in blue took out the folder and took a piece of paper from it.
The man in blue put the folder back into the cabinet, folded it and held the paper.
The man in blue looked at the paper and computer, and the man in plaid shirt looked beside him.
The man in blue looked at the paper in his hand, and the woman in blue looked at the man in blue.
The man in blue is writing on the paper, and the woman in blue is also writing.
The man in blue is looking at the computer, and the woman in blue is writing something.
A man in yellow appears in the lower left corner of the screen looking towards the man in plaid shirt.
The man in yellow walked to the counter of the woman in blue and leaned on the counter.
The man in blue gave the man in plaid a piece of paper to sign.
The woman in blue and the man in blue are looking at the computer, and the man in yellow is leaning against the cabinet.
The woman in blue looked at the paper and computer on the table, and the man in blue looked at the computer.
The man in blue and the woman in blue communicate with each other.
The man in yellow and the man in blue communicated, and the man in plaid shirt looked at the man in yellow.
The woman in blue is typing, and the man in yellow is observing the surroundings.
The man in yellow turned around and put his hand on the counter.
The woman in blue communicates with the man in yellow.
The man in blue organizes the documents on the table.
The man in blue and the woman in blue are looking at the computer, and the man in plaid is leaning on the counter.
The man in yellow shows his mobile phone to the woman in blue.
The woman in blue looked at her phone, and the man in yellow stood sideways with his hands on his waist.
The man in blue looked at the document in his hand, and the man in yellow looked to the upper left.
The woman in blue is holding a mobile phone to communicate with the man in plaid shirt.
The woman in blue looked at her phone, the man in blue looked at the woman in blue, and the man in yellow joined them to chat.
The man in gray walks out of the upper right corner of the screen and walks towards the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in gray walks from the lower left corner to the woman in blue.
The man in plaid shirt leaves the screen from the lower left corner of the screen, and the woman in blue is holding a mobile phone to communicate with the man in gray.
The man in white enters the screen and walks to the counter of the man in blue.
The man in gray is walking on the upper side of the screen, and the man in white and the man in blue are communicating.
The man in white leaves the screen from the lower left corner of the screen, and the man in gray clothes sits in the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in gray walks into the door in the upper right corner, and the man in yellow communicates with the woman in blue.
The man in gray gave the file to the woman in blue.
The man in gray is sitting on the right side of the screen, and the woman in blue is typing.
The man in blue and the woman in blue are typing, and the man in yellow is leaning on his waist.
The man in blue and the woman in blue are looking at the computer, and the man in yellow is looking at the left side of the screen.
The man in blue looked at the woman in blue, who was talking.
The man in gray got up, and the man in blue and the woman in blue were typing.
The man in gray leaves from the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in blue and the woman in blue are looking at the computer.
The woman in blue took out her keyboard to type, and the man in blue looked to the lower right of the screen.
The man in plaid shirt appears in the door at the top of the screen.
The plaid man walked up to the woman in blue and communicated with her.
The man in yellow sits at the bottom right of the video and looks at the woman in blue.
The man in grid took the woman in blues mouse to help him operate it.
The grid man tapped the screen with his hand, then walked to the aisle, and then returned to the door.
The plaid man stood at the door chatting with the woman in blue and then left.
The woman in blue is looking at the computer, and the man in yellow is sitting in the lower right corner of the screen.
The grid man entered the screen from the upper right corner of the screen holding some files and went to the man in blue.
The plaid man opened the file and communicated with the man in blue, and the man in yellow stood up.
The man in yellow walked to the counter of the woman in blue, the man in plaid opened the cabinet behind the woman in blue, and the man in blue squatted down to look for something.
The man in grid walked to the center of the screen and looked at his mobile phone. The man in blue stood up.
The man in plaid and the man in blue are communicating. The man in blue and the woman in blue look at the man in plaid.
The man in yellow joined them in chatting and looked at the plaid man.
The man in yellow communicates with the man in blue, and the man in plaid is looking at the documents on the table.
The man in blue walked to the woman in blue's container and communicated with the man in yellow.
A man in a shirt is sitting in front of the computer and looking at the screen
A man carrying a bag passed by in the distance
The man with a backpack in the distance walked behind the man looking at the computer and walked away
The person looking at the computer turned around and glanced at the person with the backpack and turned back
The person in front of the computer looks down at the phone
A man walked behind the man looking at the computer
The man looking at the computer held his mobile phone and looked up at the computer again
The mans hand in front of the computer pressed a few times on the keyboard
A deserted street, with walls and railings on one side, the door of a house on the other side, and a motorcycle parked next to the door
A woman wearing a green floral top rode a motorcycle to the door of the house and stopped. There were multiple plastic bags containing vegetables hanging on the car.
After getting off the car, the woman walked to the door with a white paper and rang the doorbell.
, the woman stood at the door for a while and turned to leave.
A woman wearing a black top opened the door and came out.
The woman removed the vegetables and fruits from the motorcycle and took them back to the room.
The woman in green came back to the motorcycle and picked up a bunch of green vegetables from the car.
Go to the opposite railing, untie the rope tied outside and tie it to the fence on the opposite wall.
The woman turned around and entered the door.
Another man in black came to the door of the house on a motorcycle.
Two women came out of the house, and one of them came to the motorcycle with vegetables.
3 people were talking, and then the woman in green who was standing by the door returned to the house first.
The two women outside locked their motorcycles and had a brief conversation, and then one of them returned to the room.
The remaining woman picked up the remaining plastic bags containing vegetables from the car and returned to the house.
Another middle-aged woman wearing a straw hat came back from outside.
The woman took off her shoes at the door and entered the house.
In a hall, a man held a black cardboard and walked slowly from the door to stand in front of the camera.
, in a laundry room, a middle-aged woman wearing a gray top put the laundry detergent in her hand on the table, turned off the light and left.
The door closed slowly and automatically.
A white car parked in front of the sidewalk
There are always vehicles on the road in the horizontal direction.
There are several people walking from one side to the other on the sidewalk.
Another gray truck parked behind the white car
A motorcycle parked next to the white car
The horizontal road is still full of traffic.
A large number of cars headed by the white car turn left
The motorcycle next to the white car turns left
The car crossing the road stopped
The light rail train arrived at the station, and seven or eight men walked into the carriage and talked.
The train keeps moving forward,
Pass the opposite train head-on.
The bus arrived at the station and three people got on the bus.
A man in white walked from the far right to the far left and pressed a button on the wall
2 men walked from the back to the front, rummaging around on the cabinet.
A man in orange clothes stepped forward and handed a white envelope to a man in gray clothes.
The man in white clothes is sitting on the chair behind
A man in black and a woman in white walk side by side from back to front
A person is walking from back to front holding a badminton racket bag.
A bald man and a man wearing a hat are talking and walking.
A woman with yellow hair and a woman with white hair walked by
Three people are walking on the road, one person is in front and two people are behind.
A white-haired old lady walked from the back to the front on crutches
Two men, two children and two women walked past in turn
A woman in pink clothes and a man in white clothes passed by on bicycles
One person gives directions to the other two people, pointing forward.
A man and a woman in dark clothes walked past
Two old men and a woman walked by
A group of people walked past from a distance one after another
A man wearing a police uniform and carrying a bag walked past from a distance
A woman carrying a bag walked to a door
Two women pushing a stroller walked past from a distance
A huge intersection is busy with traffic, and the streets next to it are full of people.
Many people walked along the road, and some people walked into the building next to it.
There is a long queue of horizontal cars at the intersection, and a red car driver puts his hand on the window
A woman with yellow hair came to the door and pressed the doorbell.
The woman approached the glass next to the door and looked inward
Another woman walked to the door and opened it.
There are cars passing by on a road from time to time, and there is a sidewalk on the side of the road.
A woman in white clothes walked by on the left side of the road
The woman crossed the road to the other side.
A man in white clothes and a hat was smoking and walking on the left side of the road.
There has been a car passing in the middle of the road
A black car drove past from right to left
A gray car passes from left to right
Many cars passed by one after another
Several cars passed by on the right, and the cars on the left were parked and waiting.
The white car drives past in the front and rear direction
Many cars passed by in the front and rear directions
A car is parked on the left
There is no one in a room, there is a small table and a long table with many computers
A black man in white came into the room and walked to the table with a rag.
The man began to clean the table.
The man arranged the three chairs next to him
, man cleaning the white table in front of the chair, from left to right
The man leaves.
Two men, one fat and one thin, walked from back to front.
A man walks forward from behind with his hands in his pockets
A man and a woman pushing a stroller walked from back to front
Three children walked side by side from back to front
A woman in red clothes and a woman in white clothes walked side by side.
A man in a plaid shirt and blue clothes walked by.
An old man in blue clothes walked by.
A black man in blue clothes and a black man in red clothes walked past one after the other.
A woman in black clothes and a woman in white clothes walked by.
The black man with the yellow hat walked by carrying the ladder.
A man in white clothes ran over
A woman in red clothes, sunglasses and a black bag walked by.
A man in blue clothes and a woman in beige clothes walked side by side
A man in light blue clothes and glasses walked past quickly
A woman wearing black glasses and orange clothes walked by
A man in dark blue clothes, black glasses and a black bag rode past.
A woman in gray clothes walked into the store and put her hands on the counter and said a few words
The woman turned around and left and walked out through the door she came in from.
A woman in black is sweeping the floor on the right side and walking to the door.
The woman stood at the door and swept the garbage out
A shop without people, with many things on the shelves at the back.
A man in white clothes and red pants stood on the steps and looked to the side
A man in white clothes and jeans walked down the steps and walked towards the other side.
A man in white clothes, short-sleeved jeans, walked down the steps towards the other side
A yellow-haired child came out of the door and ran to the door.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The child went down the stairs and walked together with a man in blue clothes walking by the roadside.
A man in black walked to a laptop next to the door and squatted down to check it.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
Man arranges a circle of wires next to the computer
The man passed the door and left down the steps
Two people in white clothes and red pants stood on the steps and communicated in front of the door
Three people walked to the computer next to the door to check the computer
Three people came up to the steps under the door.
Three people entered the door
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A man took out a stool and sat down
A gray sports car drove over and then drove away on the roadside
A man in white clothes and red pants came out of the door and left from the left side of the door
A man in white clothes came to the computer and pointed at it.
The person standing next to the computer squatted down
A man in white clothes and red pants in front of the door approached the door and looked inside.
Two people in white clothes and red pants came out of the door and looked at the person looking at the computer.
Two people in white clothes and black trousers in front of the door walked down the steps and left.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
Two people in white clothes and red pants are walking towards the steps in the distance
The two people in front of the computer walked down the steps and left.
A gray car parked next to the steps.
All four doors of the car are open.
Four people got out of the car.
Four people closed four doors
The person next to the rear left door of the car opened the door again, took out a bag, and closed the door
Four people went up the steps and entered the door
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white clothes and red pants looked around and entered the door on the steps.
There were four or five cars passing quickly on the road in the distance.
There was a man in yellow pants walking by the roadside
A man in a white shirt is near the steps on the roadside, and a man in black clothes is near a gray car
The man in white clothes went up the steps to the computer
The man in white clothes walked down the steps and left.
The man in yellow pants walked past in the distance again.
A man in white clothes in the distance turned towards the steps and door
There is a car and a motorcycle passing by on the road in the distance
A man in black clothes in the distance went up the steps and came to the computer.
A man in white clothes and a man in black clothes appeared together, walked up the steps and left.
The person standing in front of the computer touched the computer with his hand
The man touched the keyboard several times with his hand
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in front of the computer walked down the steps and left.
The man in black appeared in front of the door again and walked down the steps towards the distance.
A man in striped clothes appeared in the door and walked down the steps to leave.
A man in striped clothes appeared in the door and walked towards the gray car parked next to him and opened the driver's door.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other.
The man leaned into the car door for a second and then came out and closed the door.
The man went up the steps and entered the door
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
Two people in white clothes and one in black clothes are talking some distance away from the car.
A person walked out of the door and left from the left
A man in white clothes walked out of the distance and joined the conversation between the two before.
A man in green clothes walked out of the door and left from the left
A man in white clothes, red pants and a red envelope came out of the door and left from the left.
A man in green clothes went up the steps and leaned against the computer and stared at the screen.
Another man in blue clothes approaches the computer.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The person staring at the computer came in, and the person next to him left.
Two people walked side by side past a black car in the distance.
A woman in blue clothes went up the steps and entered the door.
In the distance, a red car is driving over, and a blue car is driving over.
The blue car parked next to the gray car. The red car drove up to the door and then drove away
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A man in white clothes got out of the passenger seat of the blue car
A man in white clothes got down from the drivers seat
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The woman in white clothes and red pants was talking to the two people in the car.
A man in white clothes walked up the steps to the door.
The woman in red clothes talks to another person
The people talking in the distance dispersed
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A man and a woman appeared in the distance. While talking, the two walked up the steps side by side and entered the door.
Several people around are entering the door one after another
Two people in white clothes appeared next to the computer
The person in white clothes communicates with the person in black clothes next to the computer.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in white clothes and the man in black clothes stood at the door of the room, communicating all the time. The man in white clothes made some gestures from time to time.
A man in white clothes and jeans came out of the door, walked to the door, took out a cigarette and put it in his mouth
The man in white clothes lit a cigarette
A man wearing yellow pants and a striped top came from a distance and a man wearing a striped top stood in front of the gray car.
The man in black clothes sat down in front of the computer
The man in white clothes and smoking in front of the door walked down the steps and stood aside.
The man in white clothes next to the computer took a few steps back toward the door.
The two people standing next to the gray car were talking and wandering in place.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in white clothes in front of the door comes down the steps.
The man in white clothes goes up the steps again
A man and a woman came out of the door and walked down the steps to leave.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A man in white clothes and red pants came out of the door and stood in front of the door.
The man in red pants walked into the house again
Two men in white clothes came out and leaned in front of the computer
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are three people talking in front of the gray car in the distance.
A man in white clothes in the distance went up the steps and entered the door.
The person squatting in front of the computer stood up and talked with the person next to him.
A woman wearing jeans walked past in the distance
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
In the distance, two women in black walked up the steps and entered the door.
A man in white clothes with a big belly came out and stood at the door.
The man in white turned around.
Three more people came out of the door. A man is talking to a man in white.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The person coming out of the door gave a few cigarettes to the people around him and lit them each.
Another bald man came out of the door
The bald man went down the steps and turned around to talk to the other three people.
Three people in front of the computer were talking, and the man in black clothes kept making gestures
The four people on the steps were smoking and talking.
A black car with its headlights on passed through the yard.
Two women in black clothes came out of the door and walked down the steps and left.
The bald man spit out a big puff of white smoke
Four people talking on the steps, making some gestures from time to time
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
Two people, a man and a woman, walked from a distance.
Two people approach four people on the steps
Two people shake hands with the two people on the steps
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other.
Two people, a man and a woman, went up the steps and entered. The person who just shook hands went up the steps and entered.
The three people on the steps continued to communicate, making some gestures from time to time
The two people in front of the computer were communicating with their hands on their hips.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in white clothes in front of the computer makes some gestures with his hands
People on the steps continue to communicate and make some gestures from time to time
The two people in front of the computer continued to communicate, and the man in black clothes waved his hands.
A man wearing white clothes and red pants came out of the door
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes sat down in front of the computer
The man in white clothes on the steps walked down the steps and left.
The person sitting in front of the computer stood up
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes and red pants entered the door again
The man in white clothes squatted down in front of the computer
A black car drove over from a distance.
The two people in front of the computer walked down the steps towards the black car.
The man in black clothes went up the steps and came to the computer.
A man and a woman came out of the door and walked down the steps to leave.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in black clothes squatted down in front of the computer
Two people in the distance got into the gray car
The gray car in the distance drove away
Two people in white clothes went up the steps to the computer.
Two people in white clothes communicate with the person in black clothes next to the computer.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white clothes came out of the door and talked to the three people next to him.
The man in white clothes and red pants entered the house again. Two people in black clothes and white clothes leave from the left
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A man in white clothes and jeans is squatting in front of the computer.
The man in white clothes squatted down in front of the computer.
Five people were communicating among the steps and the gray car.
One of the five people went up the steps and entered the door
A man came out of the door and walked down the steps while covering his left face.
One of the five people went up the steps and entered the door
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes in front of the computer stood up and left
The four people next to the steps have been talking.
A man in white clothes in the distance walked up the steps and entered the door
Several people on the steps turned around and walked up the steps and entered the door
A man in white clothes approached the computer and took a look before leaving.
A black car drove by on the road in the distance.
The man in white clothes in front of the door walked down the steps and left.
The man in white walks towards the road in the distance.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A car drove towards the door on the distant road.
A man in white clothes and red pants came out of the door and looked at the camera.
The greenery beside the road in the distance took away a man in white clothes.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in white clothes in front of the door is walking back and forth, wandering.
The man in white clothes in front of the door looked into the distance and walked down the steps
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white clothes walked from a distance and squatted down at the computer next to the door. The man in white clothes and red trousers also passed by the door together with a man and a woman.
A caller came out of the door and walked down the steps to leave.
The man in front of the computer stood up and entered the door
Several cars drive by from time to time on the distant road.
A man in black clothes and a man in white clothes came out of the door
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in black clothes went back to the door, and the man in white clothes went down the steps
A man in white clothes went up the steps and entered the door
A man in black clothes came to the computer next to the door.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in black is squatting in front of the computer
The man in front of the computer walked to the steps, with his hands on his chest
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white walks to a black car in the distance
The man in white opens the driver's door
A man in white came out of the door and talked with the man in black next to the computer.
The man in white next to the computer squatted in front of the computer and put his hands on the keyboard to type.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
The man in black next to the computer also squatted down
The black car in the distance drove away
Two people in front of the computer were looking at the computer and doing some actions with their hands.
In the distance, two men in white clothes squatted on the roadside and fiddled with a white railing.
A man in white clothes stood in front of a car at the bottom of the steps
A man in black clothes is squatting in front of the computer on the chair next to the door, swinging the mouse with his hand
A man in a white shirt and jeans walked out of the door and walked to the steps.
Two people in white clothes walked towards the steps on the roadside
A woman in a blue skirt walks from a distance
The woman in the blue skirt waves to the people on the steps
A man in white clothes walked up to the woman in blue on the roadside
A man walked out of the door and turned the man in white clothes and red pants around and then went back
The man wearing jeans on the steps went down the steps and turned to the right side of the road.
A man in white clothes on the roadside walked up the steps towards the door
The man in white clothes in front of the door walked to the computer on the chair next to him
A woman in blue came from a distance and walked to the front steps.
The man in white clothes walks down the steps and talks to the woman in blue skirt
A woman in white clothes appears behind the woman in blue skirt and joins the conversation
The person in white clothes in front of the computer leaned down to talk to the person in blue clothes
A white car drove from a distance and drove to the open space in front of the door.
The man in white clothes in front of the computer walked down the steps and walked towards the man in jeans
The man in black clothes stood up in front of the computer and reached for the power supply on the left side of the computer
The man in jeans under the steps lit a cigarette, took a puff and put it down again
The man in black clothes in front of the computer got up and went to the door
A man in white clothes walked up the steps.
A woman in a black skirt came out of the door
People in white clothes and black clothes in front of the steps walk to the computer
The woman in the black skirt walks down the steps towards the man in jeans
The man in white clothes walks up the steps.
At the bottom of the steps, a man in brown clothes followed the man in white clothes up the steps.
The two people walked up the steps and walked into the door with the woman in the black skirt.
The two people squatted down in front of the computer
The man in white clothes walked to the computer on the steps
A man in white clothes and red pants walked into the door
The man in white clothes on the steps walked down the steps
At the bottom of the steps, a woman in blue clothes walked up the steps and entered the door.
The man in white clothes walking down the steps walked into the distance
The man in white clothes in the distance walked behind a black car
A man in black clothes came out of the door, looked around and then went back
Two people squatting in front of the computer stood up and talked with their hands on their hips.
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand and took a puff of the cigarette before putting his hand down.
The two people in front of the computer walked down the steps
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand to take a puff of cigarette and then put his hand down
Talking at the bottom of the steps, the two walked away and left.
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand to take a puff of cigarette and then put his hand down
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand to take a puff of cigarette and then put his hand down
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand to take a puff of cigarette and then put his hand down
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand to take a puff of cigarette and then put his hand down
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand to take a puff of cigarette and then put his hand down
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in blue clothes walked out of the door and turned back
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps raised his hand and took a puff of the cigarette and walked towards the trash can and threw the cigarette away.
The man in jeans at the bottom of the steps walked up the steps and walked in the door
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
A man in black clothes walked behind the black car in the distance and walked to the front steps.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in a white shirt and red pants walked out of the door and walked around the door before going back.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are two black cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car and a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white clothes and red pants came out of the door and walked down the steps.
A man in black clothes and a man in white clothes appeared under the steps
Three people talking under the steps
The man in red pants under the steps walks up the steps
The man in white clothes at the bottom of the steps follows the man in red pants up the steps
Another old man in white clothes appeared at the bottom of the steps and walked toward the steps with his hands behind his back.
People walking up the steps with hands behind their backs
The man in red pants on the steps walks down the steps
The man in red pants under the steps walks up the steps
Another man in white clothes and red pants in the distance walks towards the steps
The man in red pants at the bottom of the steps walked up the steps and walked into the door
A man in white clothes on the steps is coming down the steps
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes at the bottom of the steps walked away and came back.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes on the steps walks down the steps on the left
The man in black clothes on the steps walks down the steps to the right
The man in red pants on the steps walks down the steps on the left
The man in white clothes on the steps walks down the steps to the right
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in red pants at the bottom of the steps walked up the steps to the door
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a blue truck driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A little girl in white clothes came out of the door
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The little girl ran down the steps towards the black car, then turned left into the grass on the right
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a motorcycle driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a taxi driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are several black cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
At the bottom of the steps, a man in blue clothes walked up the steps and walked into the door.
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in blue clothes next to the door walked to the steps
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in blue clothes walked down the steps.
The man in blue clothes walked away from the steps.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A woman holding a child walked over from the black side in the distance and walked to the open space in front of the door.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in blue clothes walked out of the door and walked down the steps to leave.
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a trailer driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A woman in black clothes walked out from the grass on the roadside and walked up the steps and entered the door.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
Three men walked up the steps from a distance in front of the door, walked up to the door and turned around
Three people in front of the door walked down the steps
Three people walking down the steps stood talking not far from the steps
A woman in black clothes walked out of the door and walked down the steps to the grass next to it.
A woman in white clothes walked out of the grass in the distance and walked up the steps and entered the door.
A man in white clothes and red pants came out of the door
Several people under the steps approached the steps and talked to the man in red pants
Several people at the bottom of the steps walked up the steps
The man in red pants on the steps went down the steps to the left and left.
Several people on the steps walked to the door
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
Three people gathered in a circle in front of the door and were talking about something.
A woman in a red dress and a man in blue walked out of the door and walked down the steps.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The three people in front of the door were communicating while looking at the computer on the chair next to them from time to time.
The man in black among the three squatted close to the computer
One of the three men in white is close to the man in white
The other man in white among the three took a few steps back and approached the computer.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in black moved the mouse a few times in front of the computer
A man in white walked around the pillar and walked behind the man in black
Another man in white took a few steps back and held his hand on the pillar.
The man in black stood up and approached the man in white next to him
The man in white behind the man in black approaches the man in white
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
Three people talking next to the pillar
The man in black clothes is making some gestures and saying something.
A short-sleeved woman walked out of the door and walked down the steps and left.
The three people in front of the door made way for the woman to go out.
The three people gathered in a circle in front of the door to communicate.
The man in white clothes is walking around near the steps
The man in white clothes walked next to the other two people
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white clothes entered the door
Another man in white clothes turned around after descending the steps
The man in black clothes is preparing to go down the steps behind the man in white clothes
The people in white clothes and black clothes walked away under the steps
The man in white clothes came out of the door and walked down the steps.
Three people gathered in a circle to communicate in the distance
Two people in blue clothes and blue pants walked out of the door
The man in blue clothes walking in front lit a cigarette for himself
The person in front lights a cigarette for the person behind
A man in purple clothes came out of the door
Two people in blue clothes in front of the door came down the steps
A man in white clothes came out of the door
The man in purple clothes goes down the steps
Two people in blue clothes walked forward after walking down the steps
The man in white clothes walked down the steps and walked forward
The man in white clothes talks to several other people
A man in white clothes came out of the door and stood in front of the steps and lit a cigarette.
The man in white clothes in the distance looked back towards the door.
The smoking man walked down the steps and left
A man in white clothes and red pants came out of the door and walked to the left and left.
Two of the three people talking at the bottom of the steps walked up the steps.
Another man in red pants and white clothes came out of the door
The man in red pants who just walked to the left returns to the door
The man in red pants on the steps walked down the steps
A man in gray clothes came out of the door and walked to the left
The man in white clothes at the bottom of the steps looks towards the door
The man in red pants at the bottom of the steps came on stage and stood in front of the door
A woman in red pants came out of the door
The woman in front of the door walked down the steps and walked to the man in white.
The man in white clothes looks at the woman under the steps
The man in red pants on the steps looks at the man in white clothes
The man in red pants on the steps enters the door
The woman in red pants goes up the steps and enters the door
The man in white clothes follows the woman in red pants at the bottom of the steps
A woman in black clothes appeared in front of the door and walked straight to the grass on the left side of the door.
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a yellow car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a gray car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a gray car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in black clothes came out of the door and walked to the computer and squatted down.
The man squatted down and stood up in front of the computer
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in black clothes came out from the door
The man in black clothes in front of the door walks down the steps
A man in white clothes came out of the door
The man in white clothes goes down the steps and walks to the left
A man in white clothes walks up the steps in front of the door
The man in black clothes walked towards the grass at the bottom of the steps
The man in black clothes walks towards the door from the direction of the highway
The man in white clothes in front of the door walked to the computer
The man in black clothes went up the steps and walked into the door
The man in black clothes walks into the grass in the direction of the grass
The person in front of the computer walked down the steps from the left and left.
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other.
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a yellow car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other.
A little girl in white clothes came out of the door and ran down the steps to the grass on the left
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man in white clothes came out of the door and walked down the steps.
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes went down the steps and walked to the grass on the left
There are several cars on the road in the distance driving from one side to the other
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a blue car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A man who knew how to dress came out and walked down the steps toward the highway.
Three people walked out from the direction of the grass to the left of the door
The man in red pants next to the door returns to the door
The three people on the left side of the door took a few steps back to a certain distance from the grass.
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The three people on the left move forward towards the grass
A man in white clothes came out from the left and walked up the steps to the door.
A woman in a white skirt came out of the door
The man in white clothes talks to the woman with his hands on his hips.
A woman in a red dress came out of the door and turned back
The woman in the white skirt turned back to the door
The man in white clothes walks towards the steps
The man went down the steps to a certain distance and turned around and looked at the door
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes at the bottom of the steps came up to the computer.
The man in white clothes came out of the grass and walked towards the door
The person in front of the computer walks to the door
The man in white clothes walks to the steps.
A man in black clothes comes out from the left side of the door. Go to the computer and squat down.
The man in white clothes goes up the steps to the computer
The man in white clothes in front of the door walks down the steps
There are several cars driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A woman in white clothes came out of the door and took one look at it before going back.
The man in white clothes in front of the steps walks to the middle of the steps
A man in white clothes came from a distance and walked up the steps and entered the door.
The man in white in the middle of the steps went up the steps and walked to the door
The man in white from the door came out again
There is a red car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white walked to the middle of the steps and went up again
A man in white clothes and red pants walked out of the door and came to the front of the steps.
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in white clothes walked to the door
The man in black clothes in front of the computer turned around and waved his hand back
A man in white clothes and jeans walked out of the door
The man in red pants in front of the door walked down the steps and walked away
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
There is a white car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
The man in red pants walked up the steps to the door
The man in white clothes in front of the door walked to the position near the computer
There is a black car driving from one side to the other on the road in the distance
A white truck drove past
A white van drove past
A man in white walks towards the distance
A white car drove past quickly
A huge yellow truck drove past
A huge yellow truck followed the previous one and drove past.
A white truck stopped in front of a person
The man in white clothes walked to the back of the truck and then walked to the front and gave a piece of paper to the driver
A black jeep drove by
A huge red truck drove past
A cleaner walks from the right to the left until he leaves.
A man and a woman are standing behind the counter
Two men came to the counter
Two men talking to the man behind the counter
A man gave a small ticket to the man behind the counter
The man behind the counter used the computer to operate and returned the ticket to the man
The man behind the counter was talking to the two men in front of the counter
The woman behind the counter says a few words from time to time
A man walked out of the middle corridor and left from the left
Two men in black walked out from the left, walked to the middle corridor, talked for a while and left.
Two men wearing patterned black clothes entered a small room from the left.
The two men said hello and turned to leave
A man in white walked to the end of the corridor and turned right
The man turned around and walked back from the end
There are people constantly passing between the shelves in the upper left corner of the screen
Several people at the supermarket cashier talking in front of a counter
A person in the distance looks at the poster on the wall
A man in black walked from the left to the right wall, clicked the device, turned around and lifted his pants
Several people at supermarket checkout are talking in front of a counter
A woman in front of another counter put the goods in a cart and put a piece of paper on the counter
Many people in the distance are shopping in front of the shelves
A man opens the back door of a yellow car
A man in white walked out from below the center and walked to the trash can in the center.
The man entered the yellow car to pack his things
The yellow car stopped where it was and the man left
A man in black carries garbage from the upper left to the center to throw the garbage, and then returns
The man moved a box into the yellow car, closed the door and left
The man got into the drivers seat and drove away
The black fence door slowly opens
A white car drove in from the fence gate
A silver car drove in from the fence gate
A white car drove in from the fence gate
A white jeep drove in from the fence gate
A warehouse with many long boxes is parked with a small truck moving goods.
A small car carrying goods drives from one side to the other
A worker walks on a car in the factory
The machine is moving towards the camera with the pipe hanging on it
A man in yellow clothes walks along the pipe
A few people in black clothes behind the counter were packing things and putting a bag at the front desk
A man in blue clothes stood waiting in front of the counter and chatted with the man in black clothes.
There are many white tables and red chairs in the restaurant
Many people eating at the table
Someone is walking between the tables and aisles
Five people talking in front of the aisle
Next to the aisle is a restaurant where many people are eating.
Various people walk through the aisle from time to time
A man in green clothes walked up to the person talking.
Five people talking in front of the aisle
There are many people eating in the restaurant next to the aisle
There are many people of all kinds walking through the aisle from time to time
These people walked into the restaurant on the left
Some people are sitting in the office
After clearing the table, the woman in blue got up with her laptop and left from the left
An employee in the office walks back and forth between positions
Some people in the office are standing in front of the location
A child in green clothes rides to the door
A woman wearing black and white patterns and a child with red and blue stripes opened the door.
Children go out on bicycles
A woman wearing black and white patterns and a child with red and blue stripes entered the community and walked out of the screen.
The man in gray clothes walked from the door to the counter at the other end
The man in red clothes in the middle looks up to the door
The person in blue clothes at the counter looks at the person in gray clothes
The man in red clothes in the middle glanced at the counter and then looked down at his phone
The man in gray clothes pointed to something on the wall
What is the man in blue looking for?
The man in blue clothes took out an envelope
The man in gray clothes turned and walked to the door
The man in red clothes in the middle looks towards the door
The man in blue clothes walked to the middle counter
The man in gray clothes walked to the middle counter
The person in red clothes looks at the person in gray clothes
A man in black clothes took two steps in at the door
The man in blue clothes looked at the man in gray clothes and pointed at the counter
The man in black clothes walked in and the man in gray clothes said what
The man in gray clothes walked into the man in blue clothes
The man in red clothes puts his hands in his pockets and walks behind the man in blue clothes
The man in red took a few steps back
The man in blue reaches for the cabinet
The man in gray clothes is talking to the man in blue clothes and pointing at the counter
The man in red clothes looked at the man in gray clothes and shook his body a few times
The man in black clothes stands next to the man in gray clothes, saying a few words from time to time
The man in blue clothes is talking to the man in gray clothes
The man in black clothes walked to the door
The man in gray clothes is following the man in black clothes
The man in blue clothes and the man in gray clothes passed a few steps away
The man in red also walked to the door
Several people in black clothes took away the dishes on the table
A man in white clothes and a man in black clothes put the dishes on the shelf on the table
Several people in hats put the dishes on the shelves
The hands of the man in spotted clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hands of the man in red clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in front of the desk facing the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the desk
The hand of the person near the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the man in red clothes in front of the table swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the person in front of the desk facing the bookcase swings between the front and the center of the desk
The hand of the person near the bookcase swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hands of the man in spotted clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hands of the man in red clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person near the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the man in red clothes in front of the table swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the person in front of the desk facing the bookcase swings between the front and the center of the desk
The hand of the person near the bookcase swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hands of the man in spotted clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hands of the man in red clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person near the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the man in red clothes in front of the table swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the person in front of the desk facing the bookcase swings between the front and the center of the desk
The hand of the person near the bookcase swings between the front and the center of the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hands of the man in spotted clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hands of the man in red clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person near the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hands of the man in spotted clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hands of the man in red clothes in front of the table are shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in front of the desk facing the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the desk
The hand of the person near the bookcase is shaking back and forth on the table
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table stretches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in spotted clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in red clothes in front of the table reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person in front of the table facing the bookcase extends forward to the center of the table from time to time
The hand of the person near the bookcase reaches forward to the center of the table from time to time
The man in blue clothes walked to the door
The man in blue clothes stood at the door, looking for something on the shelf next to him
A man holding a bag came in and stood at the door.
The light dimmed and then lit again
The light suddenly turned on and turned gray
Two people went out from the door
After the two went out, there was no one in the house.
A group of people formed a semicircle around the wall, with everyone facing one side of the wall
A group of children wearing hats are dancing in front of the wall
There are some people coming and going behind the crowd.
There are some people coming and going behind the crowd.
A woman in blue clothes in the first row of the crowd is applauding
A man in white clothes in the first row of the crowd is taking pictures with a camera
Everyone started to applaud
A man with a stick by the wall raised the stick
Everyone started to applaud
There is a child riding on the head of a man in white next to a white pillar.
A woman walked up to the man and said something
There were people walking by in twos and threes next to the pillar.
What are men and women talking about all the time?
There were people walking by in twos and threes next to the pillar.
The woman raised her leg and kicked the man
The man took two steps back, said a few words and left
A man and a woman in blue and black clothes in the distance walked up to the woman and said something.
The woman in black clothes put down the child in her hands and ran away
There is a large black table in a room, and a man in a blue and gray shirt is counting money.
The man unfolded the banknotes in his hand and put them on the table and then picked them up again
The man picked up the folded banknotes on the table, unfolded them and put them back
The man stretched out his left hand to take another pile of money, put the money in his hand in a row with other money, and then pushed out the six banknotes.
The man took out a pile of cards and handed them out clockwise
The man rotates and translates six banknotes
The man turned over the banknotes and coded them vertically
Man starts pushing playing cards, evenly distributed
A man in black holding a white object and a black coat appears from the upper left corner and puts the black coat on the chair
The man picked up a pile of cards and continued to deal the cards
The man flips, rotates, and swaps the banknotes.
The man threw a card and a pack of cigarettes on the table
The man took the cigarette back and turned all the banknotes horizontally
The man turned the money over and distributed it evenly to the six sides of the table
The man took the banknotes back and coded them into a line
Man shoots banknotes horizontally in a row
The man distributes the banknotes evenly to the edge of the table
The man gathered all the cards into a pile, and the banknotes were also gathered together
The man organized all the cards, put them into the card box, and put the card box on the table
The man took the banknotes back and arranged them in a fan shape
The man in black appears and takes away the cards
The man picked up the phone on the table and arranged the money in three rows and two columns with his other hand
On a prosperous street, there are many cars driving and waiting for the red light, and there are pedestrians coming and going on the road.
The traffic light turns red and people on the sidewalk start walking
A man in black clothes and a white handbag is holding a woman with blond hair and black clothes walking a dog
A woman in a gray top and jeans walks from the right
The traffic light turns green and the waiting car starts to start
A woman wearing an orange coat and carrying a blue satchel and a woman all in black walked by
A man in a gray coat and dark gray trousers walks past a woman in a black coat and dark gray trousers
Two black cars and a gray car exited the intersection on the right
A woman wearing white clothes and carrying a white satchel entered the store
An old man in a blue plaid shirt pulled a cart of orange and black objects into the store
The old man in blue plaid shirt walks by
The old man in blue plaid shirt walked to the left carrying a large orange object
The woman walked out of the store, the woman opened her bag and took out paper and pen
The man in black entered the store with a notebook in hand, talked to the woman in white and left
The woman in white put the pen in her pocket and left
In an office, a man in gray striped jeans was arranging his clothes, chatted with the people next to him and then left.
The man in the blue and white shirt looked at the man with gray stripes, then scratched his shoulder and started working
After the man in the green shirt finished talking with the man in the gray shirt, he looked around the employees and then left.
In the office, one woman and two men, three people working in front of the computer
The man in blue and white clothes puts his chin in his hand and thinks
The man in blue and white clothes looked to the left, leaned back on the backrest, left his seat, took off his glasses and left
The man in green walked to the man in blues workstation, folded his hands on his chest, and left
In a store, there is surveillance, a glass door, and a silver car and an electric car outside the door.
There is a constant flow of traffic outside the door, all kinds of
The man in black walked to the door and turned back
A white and green truck drives past from left to right
Outside the door, a man in an orange shirt and brown pants walked through the door.
A sprinkler truck passed by outside the door
A blue bus passes by outside the door
There are several large tables in a golden hall, some are full of people, some are empty
An adult passed by a child in black clothes and a child in a pink skirt
The man in pink clothes got up, walked to the right and left
The waiter in black clothes moved the stool away
A woman in a red dress, a waiter in black clothes, a child and a woman in pink clothes walked by
A lady in pink clothes and pink bag came in
A man in a yellow shirt and black shorts walked out
A man wearing gray half-sleeves waved and talked to a bald man wearing black clothes on the table next to him
The flow of people has increased significantly, with frequent entry and exit
People at two tables are chatting
People kept coming in at the door, a table in front of the camera was seated one after another, and the waiter brought stools
A woman in pink clothes, a man in a gray plaid shirt, and a man in a black shirt. The three of them are chatting, and someone keeps going out.
The man in gray shirt enters the hall
The old man in white clothes walks out of the door from left to right
The waiter brought a stool and placed it in front of the table in front of the camera
The two left the hall
Three waiters in black clothes walked out of it, one of them turned back in the middle, and the other two walked out of the hall.
The man in gray shirt and black pants looked down at his mobile phone and walked inside from the door
A fat man in a white shirt and black pants entered the hall, walked to the middle, took a look, and sat at the table second closest to the camera.
The waiter in black top and black skirt walked out of the door
The man in black shirt and zebra print pants walked out of the hall
A man in a gray shirt and gray pants walked out, a man in a black shirt walked in, and a waiter in black clothes walked into the lobby
A half-gold, half-black shirt and black pants male waiter walked to the table in front of the camera with a tray of cutlery. The waiter put the plate and cutlery on the table and left.
A woman in a blue skirt walked out with a child in her arms
The man in gray clothes and black pants walked from inside to the door and left.
The man in white shirt and black shorts walked in from the door and sat at the table closest to the camera. The waiter in black clothes walked out
A woman with a pink top, black pants and a black satchel came in
The waiter in a half-gold and half-black shirt brought a small bowl
The woman in pink and the man in blue plaid shirt changed places and sat down
e A woman in a blue dress holding a child came in, and a waiter in black came in and surpassed the former
The man in the blue plaid shirt moved a position to the left and adjusted the stool
The man in the blue plaid shirt tidied the tableware of several people around him
The woman in the yellow top and jeans and the woman in the green striped dress walked out of it
The woman in blue and the woman in pink are chatting, pointing their hands away.
The lady in black and pink skirt went out with her child in her arms
In the screen, people at several tables were chatting. The woman in blue handed a menu to the woman in pink.
The waiter in black and gold clothes came in with 4 bottles of drinks, and the man in blue took them
People at several tables are chatting, and waiters are constantly coming and going.
Three waiters are busy, one is carrying something, and one of them is trotting all the way.
A woman in a black and pink skirt holding a child enters the hall
The black gold waiter brought a metallic pot and five small cups to the table closest to the camera
The woman in black and pink clothes holding the child goes out again, and the woman in yellow and green dresses enters the hall
A woman in black and pink clothes holding a child enters the hall again
The woman in pink top and black pants stood up and walked to the door and left.
Two waiters are serving the table in the upper right corner
The woman in the white top and the man in the pink top entered and sat at the table in the upper right corner, and the waiter entered the hall.
The little girl in pink clothes and the woman in white coat left the hall
Two men in white shirts and black pants and a waiter entered, and the two men in white sat at the table in the lower left corner
The woman in pink top entered the hall, waved her hands twice at her seat, talked to the waiter in the distance, returned to her seat, tidied her position, and took a A kid in white clothes went out
The waiter in black clothes brought two pots
A man in yellow clothes came in from the door holding a little girl in pink clothes. A woman carrying a pink schoolbag, a woman in a white top carrying a bag, and a man in black clothes and black pants
A woman in a green top, gray pants and a white top enters, and a waiter runs past
People at several tables are chatting and the waiters are running around, coming in and out.
The woman in gray top and black pants and the woman in pink plaid shirt walked out of the hall
The woman in pink clothes came in and sat down
People at several tables are chatting, the waiters are running around, and other diners are coming in and out.
The people at the table in the lower left corner stood up, three men chatted with others, the rest left, and the last three men also left one after another.
The man in pink shirt and black pants leaves the hall
The blue clothes and pink clothes in the back fell out of place
The waiter is running back and forth
A family of 7 headed by the little girl in the purple skirt left the hall
There are diners leaving at the door, and a few diners come in.
The waiter in black and gold shirt is clearing the table on the left
The man in the white striped top and black pants, the woman in the pink top and black shorts left the hall with the two old people
People in front of the camera are chatting, and the woman in white pours some water
The waiter in black clothes left with the pink object
The waiter in black clothes pushed the empty dining cart away
7 to 8 customers entered the door, and a man in gray ran over.
A man wearing glasses, gray shirt and white shorts left the hall
Four women entered the hall, one in a white dress, two in pink tops, and two men in white and black pants entered the hall
The man in white clothes and black pants got up and walked out of the hall
Three women in black shirts and a man in white shirts left the hall
The old man in gray plaid shirt got up, and the two entered the hall. A man in black and a woman in white shook hands and chatted, then left.
The man in white clothes and black trousers in the lower left corner stood up, moved the stool, picked up the mobile phone on the table and left
A man in black clothes and beige pants and a little girl in pink clothes entered the door and then left
Six people headed by gray clothes entered the hall and walked inside
Several waiters in black clothes are coming in and out, packing things, walking back and forth
The man in white clothes and black pants entered the hall, returned to his seat and sat down
A man in a white patterned shirt entered the hall and walked inside
A man in a white shirt and black shorts, holding a child in pink clothes, and a woman in a black shirt, walked inside
A man in a black shirt with white patterns and glasses walked out
A man in a pink shirt hugged a little girl in white clothes and left the hall with a woman in white clothes and pink pants and a woman in pink clothes and a backpack.
A woman in pink clothes walked into the door holding a child, followed by a man in dark blue clothes.
A woman entered with a little girl in green clothes and a little boy in black clothes, followed by a man in a pink shirt
The man in gray shirt and pink shorts left the hall carrying a child in pink clothes.
Several customers entered the lobby at the door
People at several tables are chatting.
The waiter in black clothes strode out of the hall
A man in a green, white and black striped shirt and black pants entered the hall and walked in
Several people came in at the door, including a man in a pink shirt holding a child, and a man pulling a suitcase.
Eight people entered the hall, six women and two men
The woman in black and the woman in blue began to turn the table
Several customers came in and left, including a woman carrying a pink schoolbag and a man pushing a stroller
Six men and women entered the hall and walked inside
The waiter moved the things on the table on the left
Customers continue to enter the lobby, and a small number leave
The waiter on the left began to remove the tablecloth and wrapped it into a ball
The waitress in black pushed the cart out, and many customers came in at the same time
The black waiter on the left took out a new tablecloth and spread it on the table on the left
The woman in white clothes and the man in yellow clothes walked out of the hall and left
The lady in pink top and yellow pants took the child and the man in blue top left one after another
The man in blue shirt stood up and left
A waiter and several customers walked in outside the door
The little girl in the pink top ran out of the hall and the man in the pink top and black shorts entered the hall.
The man in green, white and black striped clothes and black pants and the woman in white top, pink scarf and carrying bag leave
The child in yellow clothes and the lady in pink top and yellow pants walked inside
People at several tables were chatting and looking at their mobile phones. Many people left the lobby and many waiters passed by.
A few people at a table in front of the camera are chatting, and there are waiters coming in and out behind, running.
People at several tables are chatting, and waiters are constantly coming and going.
The man in white in front of the camera stood up, lowered his head and sat down, and a waiter in black ran past behind him.
The waiter in black and gold clothes brought a plate of food to the table in front of the camera and placed it on the glass plate
The waitress in black clothes walked out of the lobby with the menu.
The man in blue and the man in white turned the glass plate, turned the drink in front of themselves and poured a glass
The waitress in black ran to the table on the left and communicated with the diners
A waiter handed the thing in his hand to the person at the second to last table in the upper right corner and left.
A waiter brought a plate of food to the table in the upper right corner
The man in blue turned the table, turned the food in front of him, and put the food into a bowl
The male waiter in black on the left takes away the tray
The people at the table in front of the camera are picking up food, pouring water, eating food, chatting, and looking at their mobile phones
The black waiter on the left took the cup on the table and ran away. During this period, customers and waiters walked into the lobby.
On the left, a woman in black and a man in blue walked out of the hall holding a little girl in red.
Enter the door. A waiter in black came in with a plate of things and placed it on the table above.
A waiter pushed a cart to the table in front of the camera. The man in white got up. The waiter brought the dishes from the cart to the table and left with the cart.
The people in front of the camera began to turn the table to pick up the dishes, and the woman in white was picking up the dishes.
People in the lobby are eating, chatting waiters are going back and forth.
The man in blue stopped the waiter, said something, and the waiter left
The waiter in black and gold clothes took a cup and delivered it to the table on the left
The male waiter in black brought a tray and delivered it to the table in the upper right corner. Several customers left the hall during the process.
The waiter pushed the cart to the table above. The person in front of the camera was picking up food. There were many people walking in and out of the aisle.
A waiter in black ran past the door, and a woman in a white top entered the hall carrying a leather bag.
The waiter above the camera took something white from the dining cart and brought it to the table in front of him
A waiter in black clothes brought a cart of vegetables and pushed it to the table in front of the camera
The man in blue and the woman in pink stood up to pick up the food. Many customers and waiters passed by behind. The woman in white stopped a waiter in black and said a few words. The woman in pink left her seat and asked look back
The woman in pink picked up the menu on the table and walked out of the hall
The waiter at the back brought a plate of food and delivered it to the table in the upper right corner
The person in front of the camera is turning tables and picking up food, while the waiter is serving food and working behind the scenes while eating and chatting.
The little girl in the white shirt and yellow pants, the lady in the pink shirt and the green handbag, the boy and the man in white clothes and white pants left one after another, and the man in black entered the hall.
The waitress in black brought something to a woman at the table in front of the camera
The woman in pink returned to the seat with the menu and sat down, and the people at the table continued to eat.
The waiter in black brought a tray of rice, delivered it to the table in front of the camera, delivered the rice to the table, took away an empty plate and left
The waiter pushed the dining cart away
The adults in yellow shirts, the children in yellow clothes, yellow pants, and the children in white clothes left
People in the hall are turning tables to eat and chat, and many people are leaving at the door
People in the lobby are turning tables, picking up food, eating and chatting. There are many people entering at the door, and waiters are working at various tables.
A man in pink clothes left the hall and walked out with a child in his arms
One of the two waiters brought a plate of dishes, the other brought rice, and delivered them to the table in front of the camera. The people on the table made room for the new dishes.
The waiter pushed the dining cart to the table in the upper right corner
The waiter in black and gold clothes took away the kettle on the table in front of the camera, put one on the dining car above, and the waiter left the hall
The waiter pushed the dining cart away
The man in black enters the hall
The waiter gave the table in front of the camera a pot of water
People come and go in the hall, customers come in and out
The woman in pink walks back to communicate with the waiter in black
A man in a pink shirt and black pants left with a man in a gray shirt and black pants.
A man wearing glasses, pink shirt and beige pants carries a child into the hall. The man in blue stands up to pick up food.
Two waiters walked out from behind. One ran out, and the other carried a large pot of vegetables and delivered it to the table in front of the camera. The man in white stood up, and the man in blue stood up. The man picked up the bottle on the table
The man in pink shirt and black pants entered the hall from the door and walked inside
Two waiters came from behind. One patrolled the hall for a while, and the other walked to the table in front of the camera and took away the empty plate.
Many people entered the hall, led by the man in gray shirt.
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts and a pregnant woman in a pink dress and a waiter in black walked out of the hall, and a waiter in black entered
The waitress in black clothes ran out
The waiters in the hall are walking back and forth serving food, running around, and everyone at each table is eating.
The man in gray shirt and black pants enters the hall again
The man in white stood up, the man in pink behind him walked out, and the two left the hall one after another
The man in pink top and beige shorts entered and sat down at the table in the upper right corner
A man in black clothes and a woman in a dress enter the hall
The waiter in black brought a plate of food to the table in front of the camera and took away a metal object.
The waiter entered the hall from the door and returned the metal object to the table in front of the camera. The man in blue took it and put it on the table.
The man in white clothes and black pants entered the hall and returned to the table in front of the camera
The waiter took away the empty plate on the table in front of the camera
Many people left the men, women and children in black, and two customers entered the lobby.
The waiter above pushed the dining cart away
The waiter in black and gold clothes brought a pot of water to the table in front of the camera and poured it for everyone. People at the table were turning around to eat and pick up food.
A waiter walked out of the hall carrying a plate of dishes
The man in blue stood up and walked out of the hall, where a table of people was eating
The man in blue clothes and black trousers at the table above stood up, pushed the chair in, and walked out of the hall
The waiter brought a pot of water and placed it on the table in front of the camera. left
The lady in blue top and black shorts and the man in black top with white pattern left the hall
The woman in pink clothes, gray pants and a bag walked out of the hall
The waiter in black pushed a dining cart in the distance. There were dishes on the cart. He pushed it to the edge of the rotating table in the upper right corner and stopped.
The waiter in black in the lower left corner of the camera took away the empty bowls and induction cooker, and at the same time many customers left the hall and walked out.
The waiter in the upper right corner finished serving the food and pushed the dining cart away from the camera and left.
The man in blue entered the hall and walked to the table above the camera, returned to his seat and sat down
The waiters were running back and forth. The man in gray shirt and black shorts and the pregnant woman in dress walked out of the hall.
The man in the blue plaid shirt entered the hall, walked to the camera and sat down
The waitress in black brought a plate to the table in the upper left corner
The waiter in black clothes brought a bowl of vegetables to the table to the left of the camera
A waiter in black and gold clothes ran out, and a man in a gray top, black pants and a black top, zebra pattern pants walked out
The woman in pink dress walked out of the hall
The waiter brought a pot of vegetables and delivered it to the table in front of the camera
The man in blue clothes and the woman in green clothes enter the hall
Everyone in the lobby is eating, talking, looking at their mobile phones, and the waiters are busy
The woman in green clothes, the man in blue clothes and the man in blue and white striped shirt left the hall
Several people left the hall, the man in black and white, the woman in red and white left, etc.
The waiter ran into the hall, and the man in black clothes and black pants entered the hall.
The waiter in black and gold clothes brought a tray of white bowls to the table on the far left and distributed them to the people on the table. The waitress behind them ran out of the hall.
The man in gray clothes left the hall and returned to the hall. The woman in pink dress followed him into the hall and sat at the table above.
The waiter brought a plate of food to the people at the table above. The waiter in the upper right corner walked out of the hall. The man in black and black trousers and the man in white and white trousers left the hall.
The man in blue and white striped clothes walked into the hall. The waiter in black brought a bowl of vegetables to the table on the left. Two customers left through the door.
A man in pink clothes walked to the table in the upper right corner, followed by two waiters, and the man in gray clothes left the hall
The man in white in the lower left corner stood up, and the man in blue also stood up. The two walked to the door and said a few words before leaving the hall.
The waitress in black took the lead into the hall, followed by many people. The man in yellow and the woman in pink left the hall together.
A waiter in black brought a pot of vegetables to the table in front of the camera, took away the empty plate, and the waiter behind ran out and came back.
The woman in white and the man in white and black pants left the hall
The man in pink shirt and jeans left the hall
The waiter brought a plate of food to the table above
A woman with a backpack of a man in black and a child with a backpack entered the door, and the waiters kept coming in and out
The woman in white leaves the hall with her child from the door
The woman in pink and the child in yellow walked out of the hall, and several customers came in and out.
The man in blue plaid shirt came back and sat down in his seat
The man in yellow clothes and black pants and the woman in pink clothes and the man in pink clothes enter the hall
Four people entered the hall one after another and walked inside
Many people came in at the door. Everyone was eating at the dinner table, and the waiters were walking back and forth.
The waiter brought a plate of dishes to the table on the left, then left with the dishes
There are a small number of customers and waiters at the door
The man in blue shirt and black shorts and the child in black clothes left the hall, and another man in gray clothes entered the hall
A man with a blue shirt and black shorts and a backpack walked out of the hall. A man with a white shirt and black shorts and a man with a white shirt and pink shorts left.
People at several tables in the hall are eating and waiting for their meals, chatting and looking at their mobile phones to order food, and several customers enter the hall.
The man in pink shirt and jeans walks into the hall
The lady in pink clothes carried a small bag, got up and left the hall, the man in white clothes and black trousers entered the hall, and the man in pink clothes and black trousers entered the hall
The diners in front of the camera are all eating, pouring water and picking up vegetables, children are playing with mobile phones, and the elderly are chatting
The waiter in black clothes brought a plate of white things, walked out of the hall and left
The man with blond hair, black shirt and brown pants and the waiter in black enter the hall
The man in black clothes and black pants came in from the door and walked inside carrying something white in his hand
The waiter in black clothes walked from the door to the hall holding an object
The waiter came over pushing the dining cart and placed it at the counter next to the table on the far left
The woman in pink top, black pants and holding pink bag walked out
The little girl in the pink dress jumped in and entered the upper right corner
The woman in pink dress stood up and walked into the hall
The lady in the pink dress returned to her position
The waiter in black clothes walked out of the hall with a plate of things.
Another waiter pushed the dining cart to the table on the left, opened the lid, and pushed the cart back
A waiter in black brought a basin of vegetables and delivered it to the table on the left, and another took away the empty plate on the table
A few customers left, including a woman in black clothes and black pants pushing a stroller, a man in a pink shirt holding a child, and a man in a blue striped shirt, etc.
An old man in a red plaid shirt stood up and walked to the opposite side of the table
The people at the table in front of the camera were all chatting. There were a few people leaving the hall behind. The man in white clothes on the left stood up for a moment.
The man in pink shirt and white shorts stood up and walked to the opposite side of the table
The waiter in black clothes brought a plate of food and delivered it to the table above the camera
An elderly man in a yellow and blue striped shirt enters the hall
The old man in a yellow and blue shirt took the little girl in pink clothes and left the hall
The waiters are still working and running
The man in pink shirt and white shorts entered the hall and stood in front of the table in the upper right corner
The old man in the yellow and blue striped shirt is back holding the little girl in pink clothes
The waiter walked out with the metal kettle and left the hall
The man in blue, white, black striped top and black pants came in
There are waiters carrying things in and out of the hall, and several customers enter the hall.
The man in the blue shirt stood up and walked to the opposite side of the table to chat with others in the lower right corner of the camera.
The waiter in black clothes pushed the dining cart away
The man in the blue shirt walked into the hall
The child in pink clothes and the lady in yellow and blue tops walked out of the hall
The man in pink shirt and white shorts walked out of the hall and left
The man in yellow shirt and brown shorts walked out of the hall
In the video, many people got up, a large number of people left the hall, and three men in white entered the hall.
The woman in pink clothes and the man in blue shirt walked back to the table in front of the camera, and several customers left behind
Many people went out and left, many people entered the hall and entered inside
The people at the table in front of the camera stood up
A group of people headed by a man in a green shirt and ending with a yellow shirt entered the hall.
All the people at the table in front of the camera walked out of the hall and left. Many customers continued to enter the hall.
The man in the pink shirt at the left table stood up and walked out of the hall
The waiter in black clothes walked out of the hall with a white object in his hand
The man in brown shirt and black shorts walked out of the hall
A woman in black clothes, black pants and a brown backpack enters the hall
In front of the beverage shop, a man in black clothes, a woman in a plaid shirt pushing a shopping cart, and a woman with a backpack walked from the right side of the corridor to the left.
A man in a black shirt and black pants walked from the right to the left
A man in a blue shirt and black pants holding two bags and a woman in white clothes and black pants pushing a stroller walked from the left
Two men in black and a woman in white walk from the right side of the screen to the left
An old man in a blue shirt on the left side of the screen is walking by with a black leather bag and a man in black.
The person in red shirt and black pants walks from the left side of the screen to the right side
A child in pink clothes in the upper right corner ran to the left side of the screen
Another woman in a green top enters the left side of the screen and walks to the right
The child is followed by a woman in a green top
A man in a black shirt and black pants walks from the left side of the screen to the right side
Two people in black clothes pushing shopping carts in the upper right corner of the screen, and the man in black clothes and the woman in red clothes walk from the right side of the screen to the left
A man in black pushing a cart on the right side of the screen and another man in black walk from the right to the left
Two women in black, one holding a white bag, walked from the left to the right
On the right side of the screen, a man in black clothes, a woman in a plaid shirt pushing a shopping cart, a woman with a backpack, and a man in a black top and black pants walked past the right side. left side
A man in a blue shirt and black pants holding two bags and a woman in white clothes and black pants pushing a stroller walked from the left
An old man in a blue shirt on the left side of the screen is walking by with a black leather bag and a man in black.
The person in the red shirt and black pants walks from the left side of the screen to the right side
Another woman in a green top enters from the left and walks to the right
A child on the right ran to the left of the screen and was followed by a woman in a green top.
A man in a black shirt and black pants walks from the left side of the screen to the right side
A man with white hair, black shirt and black pants walks from the left side of the screen to the right side
Two people in black clothes pushing shopping carts on the right side of the screen, a man in black clothes and a woman in red clothes walk from the right side of the screen to the left
The man in black clothes on the right is holding a helmet and walking towards the motorcycle in the center of the screen.
Two men in jeans above are holding the silver car to communicate, and another man in gray is holding the black car to inspect
In the lower left corner, a man with a blue hat, black top, blue pants, a yellow and black striped stick in each hand, walked to the top of the screen
The man in black in the center of the screen is taking out the keys
Two staff members in blue shirts in the upper right corner came out
There are 5 people in the elevator, a man wearing glasses and a white shirt, a woman in a black shirt, a man in a plaid shirt, a man in white clothes in the lower right corner and a woman in the lower left corner of the camera
Except for the lady with only her head showing in the lower left corner, everyone else left the elevator
The woman in the lower left corner walks towards the wall and stands facing the wall
The woman turns to the door and leaves the camera
There is no one in the elevator
A woman wearing a black top, jeans and glasses carrying a red and white plastic bag came into the elevator, a woman with glasses in a dark blue top, black pants and a black schoolbag and the one in the lower left corner woman
The woman with the backpack backed away. A woman in white pushed the goods into the elevator, and there were two women behind her.
The man in white pulled the car and left
The two women in black in the back row moved away
A man in a black shirt and brown pants walks from the left side of the screen to the right side
A man in white in the lower left corner moved a wooden shelf
In the video outside a container, there are men in black clothes walking, red clothes, green clothes and gray clothes waiting for workers to move things.
There is a bus on the left side of the screen. A man in gray clothes riding an electric bicycle passes by. There are many people queuing in front of the red house. The queue is very long.
There is a long queue of people on the road
Customers in a clothing store are looking at clothes
The screen keeps zooming and moving. There are cables, steel bars, roadblocks, and wooden cable barrels in the screen.
There are many green machines in a factory and a man in a red shirt
In a restaurant, all the diners are eating
The waiter on the left side of the screen is carrying a plate of food and delivers it to the table in the lower right corner of the video
The waiter walked to the top of the screen and started wiping the table
The waiter took something away
A woman in a silver vest and a child walked to the table on the left side of the screen
A waiter brought something white to the table on the right
A woman in white clothes is sitting and playing with her mobile phone in a room
A man wearing glasses, a dark blue shirt and red shorts walked to the counter from the left side of the screen, opened the door on the right and went in
The woman in white is playing with her mobile phone with her head down
The picture is a shopping mall with a main pillar and many people coming and going in the picture
A man in a brown shirt pushing a stroller and a man in a black and purple shirt holding a child appeared. They walked to the center and turned around and walked up.
In front of a glass door, a man wearing a red headscarf and dressed in white opened the door
A man in white clothes and black trousers carrying a computer case opened the door and left
The man in red turban and white clothes entered the door and left on the right
A man in a black shirt and beige pants and a man in a white headdress, white shirt and black pants are talking at the door
The man in black opened the glass door, the two entered and left on the left side of the screen
In a room, a woman in black is taking pictures with a camera
The woman puts the camera on the table
Woman clears things on the table
The woman picked up the box on the table and played with it a few times
There is a pot of flowers in an office. A woman in a gray top is sitting at a rectangular conference table and looking at something.
The woman put her hands under the table and rolled up her sleeves. A woman in pink clothes passed by outside the door.
The woman smoothed her hair and continued watching
There is a pot of flowers in an office. A woman in a gray top is sitting at a rectangular conference table and looking at something.
A silver-gray car drove past from left to right on a street
A man in a yellow shirt and black pants and a man in a white shirt, gray pants, a red backpack and a white bag walked up from the bottom of the video
There are many buses waiting for the red light on a road, and there is a two-story building on the left side of the screen
The traffic on the left side of the road starts to move and turns to the right. In the upper right corner of the screen, a bus, a blue and white truck, and a red and white taxi are coming.
Pedestrians on both sides of the yellow zebra crossing begin to cross the road
A yellow-green bus turned in from the building screen, followed by a yellow-blue double-decker bus, an electric car and a pink-green bus.
A red taxi is coming from the bottom of the screen, turn right
A blue car, a black van, four red taxis and a bus came in from the upper right corner of the screen. The bus stopped and drove past.
A red and yellow bus drove in from below and stopped at the yellow zebra crossing
A red taxi turned in at the top of the screen and drove across the road
A red taxi drove in at the bottom of the screen and stopped behind the bus.
The car in front started to move, and a taxi and three buses drove in below. All the cars turned right.
A white double-decker bus and a white van pass by in the upper right corner
A white van drove by
Pedestrians crossing the road at the zebra crossing
Turned in a double-decker bus, a green bus, a white truck, and a silver van. The white truck was parked on the roadside.
The silver van begins to turn around
Green bus passing by
In the upper right corner, a white truck with a blue cargo box, a black car and other vehicles are driving across the road.
A red and yellow bus waited for a red light in front of the zebra crossing and then drove past
A red bus, a white bus and a red double-decker bus enter the upper right corner
A black car drives into the bottom of the screen, waiting for the red light in front of the zebra crossing
A white car and a white van drove into the top of the screen and parked behind the white truck.
The red bus enters and turns right and passes by
A yellow minivan drives into the upper right corner
The red bus below enters
The white double-decker bus in the upper right corner enters
Three red buses in the left lane are waiting for the red light. A black car, a white double-decker bus, and a brown bus drive past.
Four red buses leave
A bus taxi and a white passenger car enter the upper right corner
The silver car stopped in front of the zebra crossing and pedestrians started to cross the road
Two red buses drive in below
Two silver cars passed by at the top of the screen
The red taxi drove in and stopped on the roadside. Passengers got on and left.
Black car waiting for red light in front of zebra crossing, pedestrians crossing zebra crossing
A green bus, white car and red taxi drove in from above
Two red buses entered the screen and stopped behind the black car
The black car goes straight, three buses turn right
Green buses and brown double-decker buses pass by
Blue truck passing by
The yellow bus walked to the zebra crossing and waited for the red light, and pedestrians were crossing the road.
A red taxi, white bus, environmental protection work vehicle, motorcycle van, etc. passed by above
Three red buses and a silver car are waiting for the red light, and pedestrians are crossing the zebra crossing
The left lane turned right and passed a car and several red buses. A red bus stopped at the zebra crossing and waited for the red light.
A green bus, a white box truck, a blue box truck, a white passenger bus, a brown double-decker bus and other vehicles drove past
A silver van, a white double-decker bus, and a red taxi drove past.
The number of cars entering the left lane
The left lane started to drive, and a number of cars and red buses passed by one after another.
A green bus, silver car, white double-decker bus, blue truck, red taxi, silver van, etc. enter the upper right corner
Pedestrians crossing the road at the zebra crossing
A red taxi enters above
A blue double-decker bus passed above
A white van drove into the left lane, waited for the red light, then turned right and left
A silver car, a black car, a red bus and a green bus drove in from above, stopped at the stop, and then left
A black car passed by on the left
The pedestrians in the picture are crossing the road in an orderly manner
A purple double-decker bus passed above
A green bus, black car, white double-decker bus, and red taxi drove in from above
A red bus entered the left lane and waited for the red light in front of the zebra crossing.
At the entrance of a store, there are two yellow balloons in the lower right corner of the screen, a red Menglong freezer in the upper right corner, and a counter in the upper left corner
The woman in white top and black pants in front of the counter in the upper left corner of the screen walked to the door, opened the door and left
In the upper right corner of the screen, a man riding a white electric bicycle and a man in red stopped at the door of the store. The two opened the door and walked into the store.
The man in black shirt and gray pants in front of the counter in the upper left corner of the screen took something and walked out of the store.
The woman in a green top and black pants on the left side of the screen walked to the counter with something, and a passerby passed by outside the door.
A woman in a red top on the right side of the door opens the door and comes in
A woman with a white headscarf and a red headscarf walked to the counter
On the left side of the screen, two men, a black shirt and black pants and a red shirt and black pants, walked out of the store, stayed at the door of the store for a long time, and they got on the electric car and left.
A man in a red shirt on the left side of the screen walks to the counter, and the woman in a red headscarf leaves the screen
The woman in the red headscarf enters the screen and the man in the red shirt leaves the screen
The man in green shirt and black pants walks through the left side of the screen
The man in the green shirt walks back up
Two women wearing headscarves left the store, and a child passed by the door
The woman in the red top opened the door and left the store
There are no customers in the store. The clerk sat down and stood up. The balloon in the lower right corner rotated slightly.
A man in a blue shirt and white pants outside the door pushed the door and entered
On the left side of the screen, a man in a green shirt and black pants is passing by carrying a bucket of water.
A man in a green shirt and black pants passed by dragging a box
A man in a white-green jacket and black pants outside the door opened the door and entered the store. He went to the counter and talked with the clerk before leaving.
The man in blue shirt and gray pants walked to the counter and left
The man in white and green shirt and black pants pushed the door and entered
A woman carrying a bag in a black top and black pants pushed the door and entered.
A woman in a gray top outside the door opened half the door. The woman in black clothes and black pants carrying a bag walked out. Then the woman in black entered the store, and the woman in gray left.
The woman in a white green top and black pants pushed the door and left
A woman wearing a headscarf and a red dress passed by the door.
A woman in black was waiting outside the door and then left.
The woman in black clothes and black pants walked out of the store and left with another woman
A man in black clothes and black pants outside the door and a little girl in a pink top and white pants entered the store
The woman in white headscarf, red clothes and black pants left with a white bag
A man wearing yellow and green striped jeans pushed the door and entered the store, talked to the counter attendant, and then entered
A man in a white shirt and black pants entered outside the door.
There is no one in the store, the yellow and green balloons are rotating slightly
A man in a green striped top, black pants and a white top and black pants in the store goes to the counter
A woman in a white top and black pants entered the store to communicate with the clerk, and then left
The man in black shirt and black pants and the little girl in pink shirt and white pants leave the store
The man in blue shirt and brown pants goes to the left after checking out at the counter
The man in the yellow-green striped shirt and the man in the white shirt and black pants left the store
There is no one in the store, the yellow and green balloons are rotating slightly
There is no one in the store, the yellow and green balloons are rotating slightly
Several customers in front of the counter are checking out
The man in green shirt passes by
The balloon in the picture changes from green to yellow
The balloon in the picture turns from yellow to green
A man wearing a blue headscarf, white shirt and jeans outside the door entered the store.
There are no customers in the store, and people pass by from time to time outside the door.
There are no customers in the store, and people pass by from time to time outside the door.
A man in a black and yellow striped shirt and black pants entered the store from the door.
The woman in white at the counter opened the door and left
The man in the black and yellow striped shirt walked to the counter, then took the things and left
A man in a brown shirt, black pants and a leather bag outside the door entered the store
A woman wearing a headscarf, black top and gray pants entered outside the door and walked to the counter.
Two women in front of the counter walked out of the store together
There are no customers in the store, and a few people occasionally pass by outside the door.
A woman in a yellow-green top and black pants walked to the red freezer and waited.
The woman opened the door of the freezer, then closed it again, and looked at the freezer in the upper right corner
The woman goes to the counter to check out
The woman returned to the freezer, took a look, returned to the counter, and left on the left
The man in black shirt and black pants in front of the counter paid and left the store
The man in white jeans on the left walked to the counter and took a bottle of water next to it, went to the counter to pay, and then left
A man in a black shirt and black pants entered outside the door
A man in black in front of the counter opened the door and left
There are no customers in the store, and the balloons are moving slightly
A man in a black shirt and gray pants playing with a mobile phone outside the door pushed the door and entered
A man in a black top and red shorts entered the door, a man in a white top and black shorts, a man in a black top and red and white shorts, three men entered the store
The man in black clothes and gray pants walked out of the store
Two men in black left the store
Man in blue shirt and black shorts leaves the store
A woman in a skirt and a car passed by the door
A man in black clothes, black pants and backpack walks out of the store on the left
A man passed by the door
The store is empty and the balloon in the lower right corner changes from green to yellow
The store is empty and the balloon in the lower right corner changes from yellow to green
A man in a red shirt and jeans entered the door.
There are no customers in the store. The balloon turns yellow.
A male clerk outside the door enters the store, and a female clerk leaves
There are no customers in the store, and the balloon changes from green to yellow
There are no customers in the screen store, and the balloon in the lower right corner changes from yellow to green
A clerk on the left side of the screen was passing by carrying a shiny silver thing.
There are no customers in the screen store, and the balloon in the lower right corner changes from yellow to green
A customer in black in the upper left corner of the screen is checking out and then leaving the store with a bag.
A female clerk in yellow and green clothes entered the door.
On the left side of the screen, a male clerk walks to the right and can go to the right to drink water, and then holds on to the freezer.
A man in black leaves on the left
The man turned around and looked at another freezer, then left
A man in a white striped top and black pants outside the door and a man in a red striped top and gray pants entered the store
The man in gray pants leaves
There are no customers in the picture, the yellow balloon turns into a green balloon
There are no customers in the picture, the yellow balloon turns into a green balloon
The man in red walked to the counter and left
The woman in black clothes and black pants walked to the front desk and left
The balloon in the screen turns green
The balloon remains half green and half yellow
The balloon turns yellow
The balloon turns to yellow
Two men entered the door, one with a blue shirt and brown pants, and the other with a red shirt and black pants, entering the store.
The man in blue walked under the balloon and left
The man in red leaves the store
There is no one in the store, there are two yellow balloons in the lower right corner of the screen
A passerby passed by the door
A waitress in yellow and green clothes outside the door entered the store and walked under the balloon
The clerk left the balloon and walked to the left
The male clerk walked out of the store and left
The balloon turns green
There are no customers in the store
The male clerk outside opened the door and entered the store. He stayed in front of the counter for a while and then walked towards the balloon.
The male clerk walked to the counter, holding the counter with both hands while chatting
A woman in a pink jacket and jeans outside the door enters the store
The clerk on the left took away the male clerks work badge
A man in a red plaid shirt outside the door entered the store and walked to the counter
The woman in the pink top on the left walked to the counter to check out, took two steps in, then opened the door and left
The woman in the red plaid shirt left the store and stood outside the door for a while, then left
There are very few people and cars passing by outside the door, and the balloon turns to two yellow
A man in black clothes outside the door walked to the electric car, put his things on the car and carried his bag.
The man walked to the door, opened a door and talked to the clerk, then left and walked to the electric car.
Several customers shopping in a supermarket
A man in blue walked into the second row of shelves next to the camera, then went out and left, followed by a woman in black.
No one moves around in the camera
A woman in pink walks from the lower left corner of the camera. She turns to the second row of shelves and opens the door to get water. During this period, a staff member carries a box from the right side of the shelf and walks straight in. On the chair next to the shelf
Then the woman closed the door and walked to the counter. The staff placed the items in the box on the shelves, and then opened the refrigerator to observe.
A man in black walked over to the counter, walked towards the staff and passed him, looking at the shelves.
A little girl walked past the man in black and passed by him. During this period, the staff did not close the door and left the camera view.
The man in black looked at the shelf and then walked to the inside of the shelf to continue observing. A customer entered the store. The little girl jumped to the refrigerator above the camera to look at it, and then returned to the man in black to look at the refrigerator.
The man in black bent down to pick up the items on the shelf and observe them. The little girl opened the door on the other side of the refrigerator. During this period, a customer came in.
The man in black put the items back on the shelf and continued to observe, then picked up the items on the shelf and turned to look at the little girl. During this period, a customer left the supermarket
The little girl took out an item from the refrigerator and held it up to watch. Then the man in black picked up the item in the girl's hand and watched, then continued to open the refrigerator door to watch. During this period, a customer came in from the supermarket.
A man in white walks from the top of the camera and comes to the refrigerator to observe the items in the refrigerator. Then he opens the refrigerator door facing the second row of shelves, takes a bottle of items, closes the refrigerator door and turns to the counter. As he walked, a man in gray trousers passed by him.
The man in gray trousers opened the refrigerator door to select items. The man in black closed one side of the refrigerator door. The little girl took out a bottle of items from the refrigerator and the two turned around. The man in black stopped and continued to observe the refrigerator. The little girl jumps out of view of the camera
The man in black picked out a bottle of items, turned around and walked towards the counter, passing by the staff. The man in white picked out the items and walked towards the counter. At this time, the little girl appeared in the camera view and ran towards the counter quickly. , the staff continued to organize the refrigerator
Several people were checking out at the counter, and the staff put the items into the refrigerator one after another.
A customer pushes the door into the supermarket and leaves the camera. The staff continues to put the items in the box into the refrigerator.
Two customers entered the supermarket, and one customer left the store. The staff put the items in the box completely into the refrigerator, then carried the box toward the top of the camera and then disappeared from the camera's field of view.
One customer entered the supermarket, one customer left the supermarket, and then four more customers entered the supermarket
A female customer and two children walked to the refrigerator to watch. Then the female customer walked to the refrigerator in the lower right corner of the camera, followed by two children. During this period, a customer left the supermarket.
After observing for a while, the three people walked to the refrigerator facing the second row of shelves. The female customer opened the refrigerator door. During the period, several customers entered the supermarket and left.
A man in green came to the refrigerator to observe. The woman took out the items in the refrigerator. The man in green walked straight past the female customer, opened the refrigerator door to select items, and the female customer closed the refrigerator door. Then wandered around the refrigerator again
The man in green turned around and went to the counter to check out. During this period, he came in and left several customers. The woman went to the refrigerator above to talk to the children accompanying her.
The female customer opened the refrigerator door to select items. A woman in green came to the side of the refrigerator to observe and then talked with the accompanying child. Then the two women took the accompanying child to the counter.
A child in striped clothing walked to the second row of shelves to observe. The woman in green then took the child to the children in striped clothing to observe the items on the shelf. The woman in black returned to the refrigerator to observe.
Then the woman in black turned around and came to the shelf to observe, the woman in green came to the refrigerator to observe, and the staff carried the box to the refrigerator.
The staff put the box on the chair next to the refrigerator and began to organize the refrigerator. The woman in green clothes took the child to the counter, and the child in striped clothes looked around at the shelves.
A customer entered the supermarket. The staff touched the head of the child in striped clothes and then sorted the shelves and took the items on the shelves to the refrigerator. The child in striped clothes then walked to the shelves, and there were several more customers during the period. Enter the supermarket
The staff continued to put the items in the box into the refrigerator. Several customers left the supermarket one after another, and one customer entered the supermarket.
A woman in slippers and her child came to the refrigerator to observe. The woman in slippers opened the refrigerator door and took out items to talk to the child. During this period, several customers left the supermarket, and a man in gray clothes walked beside the shelf.
The man in gray walked to the shelves to select items, the woman in slippers and the accompanying child walked to the refrigerator below the video, near the staff and the man in gray
The woman in slippers observes the items in the refrigerator below the video. The man in gray clothes takes out a bag of items from the shelf and continues to observe the shelves. The woman in slippers opens the refrigerator to select items.
The man in gray clothes took the items and walked to the counter. The woman in slippers closed the refrigerator door and walked with the child to the shelves next to the counter to watch.
The man in gray checked out and left. The staff put the items in the box into the refrigerator, moved the chair, closed the refrigerator door, and then stopped to observe the refrigerator.
The staff continued to observe the refrigerator, then took away the items on the chairs and put them on the shelves, and then left, during which a customer entered
There are no pedestrians walking in the camera.
A woman walked from the counter to the door and stopped. The woman in slippers left the supermarket with her child.
The woman at the door stayed at the door and seemed to be on the phone. The woman at the door took two steps and left the camera range.
A man in white left the supermarket, and then two customers entered the supermarket
The staff at the counter left the counter and walked to the shelves to observe and talk to the staff carrying boxes.
The staff put the box on the chair. The staff who left the counter approached him, picked up the items on the ground, talked with him, and then left the camera view.
The staff opened the refrigerator door, and the staff at the counter returned to the counter
The staff bent down to check the items on the chair. A woman appeared on the left side of the video walking towards the counter.
The staff member leaned on the refrigerator door with his hand, picked up the items on the chair and looked at them, then walked aside and leaned on the chair with his hand.
The staff picked up the items on the shelves and put them in their hands. A man in striped clothes walked to the refrigerator to observe, and the staff made room for him.
The man in striped clothes opened the refrigerator door, and the staff left and walked to the counter
The man in striped clothes opened the refrigerator, took out the items, closed the refrigerator door and walked to the counter
A customer in white entered the supermarket and stopped at the entrance to check his mobile phone.
The customer in white stopped for a moment and then left the camera's field of view. The last two customers left the supermarket, and the staff returned to the refrigerator with the items.
The staff opened the refrigerator door, held it against the chair, and then put the items on the chair into the refrigerator
A customer left the supermarket. The staff bent down and touched the bottom of the refrigerator. Then he stood up and put the items in the refrigerator. Then he took away the items on the chair, put one item on the shelf and left. lens
A customer enters the supermarket and immediately leaves the camera
The staff approached the refrigerator with a box. A customer walked towards the counter from the lower left corner of the video. The staff put the box on a chair.
The staff picked up the items on the shelves and walked to the refrigerator to continue putting the items in the boxes into the refrigerator.
A customer opened the door and left the supermarket. The staff bent down to tidy up the refrigerator and then squatted down and slapped the refrigerator with their hands.
The staff continued to tidy up the refrigerator. At this time, a customer walked into the supermarket and walked towards the counter.
Another customer entered the supermarket and then disappeared from the camera range. The staff put their heads into the refrigerator and were still sorting the refrigerator.
The staff stood up and put their heads into the refrigerator again to sort, and a customer left the supermarket
The staff bent over and put his head into the refrigerator, and a customer left the camera's field of view
A customer left the supermarket, and the staff continued to organize the refrigerator
A customer walked towards the counter. The staff stood up and inspected the refrigerator. Then he moved the chair and closed the refrigerator door. After picking up the items on the chair, he inspected the refrigerator while walking. He stopped next to the first-class refrigerator and left. Lens range
No one is moving around within the camera field of view.
A customer walked straight past the counter and left the camera's field of view
A customer with a cross-body bag entered the supermarket. The customer with the cross-body bag inspected the shelves, and the staff moved the box to the refrigerator again.
The customer carrying the crossbody bag disappeared from the camera's view, and the staff put the box on the ground and inspected the refrigerator.
A customer walked towards the counter, and the staff bent down to open the refrigerator and squatted down to reach into the refrigerator.
The staff puts the items in the box into the refrigerator
A customer in blue walked to the shelf and passed by the staff. He went to the second row of shelves. The staff closed the refrigerator door, picked up the box, and looked at the refrigerator while walking.
The customer in blue picked up the items on the shelf to observe, then turned around and walked to the refrigerator to open the refrigerator door. The staff put the items in their hands on the chair to observe the refrigerator.
The customer in blue took out a bottle of items from the refrigerator and turned to the counter. The staff observed the refrigerator.
The staff opened the refrigerator and reached into the refrigerator. A black hat customer appeared in the lower left corner of the video and came to the shelf to observe.
A customer enters the supermarket and then leaves the camera. Another customer enters the supermarket. The black hat customer picks up the items on the shelf and observes in front of the refrigerator. The staff closes the refrigerator door.
The black hat customer opened the refrigerator door to select items, and the staff opened the refrigerator next to him to sort out. At this time, a customer in white entered the supermarket.
The customer in white walked to the shelf and walked to the refrigerator. The customer in black hat finished selecting and left the camera's field of view. The customer in white opened the refrigerator door next to the staff to select items, then closed the refrigerator door and walked to the counter. Man in black hat walks to camera bottom shelf
The man in black hat touches the items on the shelf with his hands. A man in white comes to the man in black hat to observe the items. The staff picks up the box on the chair and leaves the camera's field of view.
The man in the black hat took out the items and walked to the counter. The man in white touched the items on the shelf with his hands and took them out and walked to the counter.
A customer in the lower left corner of the video walks towards the counter
A customer enters the supermarket and leaves the camera
Black hat customer leaves the supermarket
The staff moved the box to the refrigerator, put the box on the chair, then stood up, opened the refrigerator door and leaned on the chair
Put the items in the box on the chair into the refrigerator one after another. During this period, two customers left the supermarket one after another.
The staff continued to put the items into the refrigerator. During this period, a customer entered the supermarket and then left the end. The staff closed the refrigerator door, moved the chair away, and then put the items on the chair into his hands. Throw it into the box in the chair, get up and walk to the shelf to observe
The staff shook hands and walked back to the refrigerator, bent down to look at the items on the shelves, sorted the items on the shelves, and walked around the shelves. During this period, a customer left
The staff observed the items on another shelf. After bending down to check the items, he stood up and turned around to move the items on the shelf with his hands. The clerk at the counter came forward to check.
The staff at the counter are arranging the shelves, and the staff are watching from the side. The staff at the counter return to the counter after finishing the arrangement, and the staff bend down to continue checking.
The staff stood up and walked out of the camera's field of view
A customer appears in the camera and then leaves the camera's field of view
The staff at the counter left the counter. The staff carried the box to the shelf. He bent down and put the box on the ground. He stood up and looked at the items on the shelf. Another staff member came to the refrigerator to open it. A bottle of water is taken out from the refrigerator door and drank, and the staff at the shelf leave the camera range.
After drinking the water, the staff put the bottle into the refrigerator, closed the refrigerator door, walked out of the shelf, and left the supermarket
A staff member came to the shelf with two bags and put them on the ground, then turned and left the camera's field of view
A customer in pink clothes appears in the camera and walks to the refrigerator. He opens the door and takes a bottle of water. He stays for a moment, puts the water in the refrigerator and replaces it with a bottle. He closes the refrigerator door and turns around. counter
The staff at the counter returned to the counter, and the customer in pink clothes left the camera's view
A customer in blue entered the supermarket and went straight to the counter, then left the supermarket
A staff member returned to the counter and walked to the refrigerator next to the shelf. At this time, a customer entered the supermarket
The staff picked up the items in the box on the chair, and the customer came to the refrigerator
The staff moved the chair to observe the shelf, and the customer opened the refrigerator door and took out the items
The staff lifted the two bags and put them into the box on the chair. The customer closed the refrigerator door and went to the counter.
The staff moved the chair to the shelf, put the items in their hands on the shelf, and then sorted the items on the shelf
The staff opened the two bags on the chair and took out the items. During this period, a customer with a headscarf entered the supermarket.
The staff is organizing the shelves, the customers in headscarves go to the counter, and then the customers go to the refrigerator and look around.
At this time, another customer came into the supermarket, another customer left, the customer in headscarf opened the refrigerator door, and another customer left the supermarket
A customer in red enters the supermarket and goes to the refrigerator. The customer in scarf walks to the side of the refrigerator and opens the refrigerator door.
The customer in red opens the refrigerator door, the customer in turban selects the items and closes the refrigerator door and continues to observe the refrigerator, the customer in red takes out the items and closes the refrigerator door and turns around, the customer in turban and the customer in red exchange places to view the refrigerator Contents
The customer in red took out the items from the refrigerator, closed the refrigerator door, and walked to the counter. The woman in headscarf opened the refrigerator door and took out the items in the refrigerator.
After finishing the selection, the customer in headscarf closed the refrigerator door and walked to the counter.
The staff is still sorting the shelves, and then looking at the shelves, a customer in black walks into the camera
The staff moved the chairs and arranged the items on the chairs, and the customers in black left the supermarket.
A customer entered the supermarket and walked to the refrigerator, opened the refrigerator door, took away the items, and walked to the counter.
The staff placed the items on the shelves and looked around at the items on the shelves. The customer in red left the supermarket.
The staff looked sideways outside the supermarket and then a customer entered the supermarket. The staff continued to sort the shelves, and the customer turned left and disappeared from the camera.
The staff came to the other side of the shelf, during which several customers left the supermarket
The staff continued to organize the shelves, during which several customers left the supermarket, and the staff talked with the counter staff
Two customers entered the supermarket one after another and then left the camera's field of view
A customer in pink clothes came to the refrigerator, opened the refrigerator door, took out the items, and went to the counter.
A customer leaves the supermarket
The staff at the counter walked out of the counter, opened the door and left the supermarket
The counter staff opened the door and talked with the staff at the door, and then left the supermarket
A customer in white enters the camera's field of view, walks to the counter, fiddles with the counter door, stops next to the counter, and then leaves the supermarket, and then another customer leaves the supermarket.
The staff left the shelves and walked to the counter, and then another staff member left the supermarket
A customer enters the supermarket and then leaves the camera
The staff at the counter return to the counter
A customer entered the supermarket and stopped on the left side of the door. A customer left the supermarket.
A woman in pink walks from above the camera to look at the refrigerator, opens the refrigerator door, and takes out the items. The staff at the counter leaves the counter, and the woman in pink then opens the refrigerator door to select.
A customer enters the supermarket and enters the outside of the camera's field of view. A customer leaves the supermarket. The woman in pink clothes bends over and reaches out to search in the refrigerator. After selecting, she walks to the counter.
The staff came to the counter and bent down to observe the shelves, then stood up and continued to observe the shelves
A customer enters the supermarket and then leaves the camera range. The staff squats down to sort the shelves.
A customer leaves the supermarket, then another customer enters the supermarket, and then the customer leaves the camera range
A customer pushed the door into the supermarket and then left the camera's field of view
A customer stopped in front of the supermarket. The staff stood up and bent down to check the items, and then the customer left the supermarket.
A customer left the supermarket, the staff stood up and talked to the counter staff
A customer leaves the supermarket and two staff members continue to talk
The staff squatted down and continued to organize the shelves, then stood up and continued talking, then continued to squat down and organize the shelves.
A customer entered the store, the staff stood up and looked at the shelves behind him before leaving the camera.
A customer enters the store, then leaves the camera, and a customer leaves the store
Two customers entered the supermarket, one left the camera, and the other customer in black observed the items on the shelves
A customer in black looked at the items, a customer in white passed him and walked towards the counter, the staff returned to the previous shelf
The staff squatted down to sort the items, the customer in white left the supermarket, the customer in black walked to the lower right corner of the camera and left the camera
A customer entered the supermarket, and then three customers entered the supermarket and stopped at the entrance of the supermarket.
Customers in black looked at the items on the shelves with their hands behind their backs. The staff at the counter returned to the counter. During this period, a customer in yellow approached the supermarket.
The customer in yellow stopped at the door for a moment and then left the supermarket. Then the customer in black and another customer left the supermarket one after another.
The staff stood up to sort the goods, and the customers in yellow entered the supermarket and lined up on the left
The staff bent down to check the items, and a female customer walked in line behind the customer in yellow.
Several customers left the supermarket. The staff stood up to sort the shelves, then squatted down to sort the goods, and then stood up to put the items on the shelves.
A customer enters the supermarket, then leaves the camera field of view, and a customer leaves the supermarket
A customer in white is looking at the items in the upper right corner of the camera, and a customer in black enters the supermarket and queues up behind the female customers
The customer in white came to the bottom of the camera to look at the items on the shelf. The customer in white walked around the shelf and then went to the first row of shelves to pick the items and put them back. The staff got up and walked to the counter, and then the customer in white He walked towards the counter and disappeared from the camera's field of view.
The staff walked to the refrigerator, opened the refrigerator, closed the refrigerator door, checked the items in the refrigerator, opened the refrigerator again, put the items in their hands back into the refrigerator, and then continued to bend down to organize the shelves.
A customer enters the store and the staff returns to the counter
The female customer left the store, then several customers left the supermarket, a customer entered the supermarket, then the staff left the counter, and a customer walked towards the counter and left the field of view
A hijab woman walks to the counter and then leaves the camera's field of view. A man customer walks to the upper left corner of the camera to queue. A customer enters the store and then leaves the camera.
A customer leaves the supermarket, and a woman watches the shelves
A man wearing a plaid shirt and black shorts walks from the left side of the video to the center of the video
A male holding the ball throws the ball forward and then transports the ball back to the center
The man in basketball uniform walks from the center of the video to the lower left corner
The man in plaid shirt and black shorts walks from the center of the video to the lower right corner
The man holding the ball is shooting the ball in the center of the video, and on the right side there is a man wearing white short-sleeves throwing the ball and shooting.
Behind a man wearing white short-sleeved shirts on the right, two men wearing black shirts are chasing a basketball. They briefly pass by the man wearing white short-sleeved shirts and then run back to their original position.
The man in plaid shirt and black shorts takes off his jacket while walking from the lower right corner of the video to the upper left corner of the video.
A man wearing a pink shirt and a man wearing blue shorts walked out of the video range to the left from the top of the video
The man holding the ball is dribbling close to the front of the video, and the man in white short sleeves on his right is shooting the ball on the right
The man holding the ball and the man in white short sleeves each dribble and shoot.
There are 6 people playing basketball together in the upper left corner of the video, one of whom is wearing a blue half-sleeve
In the upper left corner of the video, a man wearing a white shirt is talking to a woman wearing pink long sleeves and glasses.
A man appeared on the left side of the video. After putting down his backpack, he placed another backpack on the table to rummage through.
The man in the white shirt leaves the video range from the left side of the video
The man with a backpack took something out of his backpack and put it on the table, then left the video range. At this time, a woman wearing pink long sleeves and glasses was talking on the phone.
There is a blue world map on the left wall. A woman wearing a black top on the right side of the video is using a computer, and a woman wearing pink long sleeves and glasses is talking on the phone.
A man in a green shirt walks from left to right
In the video, a woman wearing a black top takes out products from the opened box on the left and puts them on the shelf above the video
The woman in black top takes products from the open box multiple times and puts them on the shelf above the video
There is a bald man in a vest in the center of the screen, and a woman in a black skirt walks into the video from the door above the video
A little girl in a white skirt appeared behind the woman in a black skirt. She walked to the left of a bald man in a vest in the center of the screen and took his arm.
The little girl in the white skirt left the bald man and walked in front of the woman in the black skirt
The little girl in the white skirt left the front of the woman in the black skirt and walked to the blue container on the right
The woman in black skirt and the bald man are talking to the man at the bottom of the video, and the woman in black skirt points to the top of the video
The woman in black dress walked to the blue shelf on the right side of the video and started looking
At this time, a man wearing a blue shirt and blue trousers and a man wearing a striped shirt appeared above the video
A man wearing a blue shirt and blue trousers and a man wearing a striped shirt walked into the store and the man below the video
The man at the bottom of the video stood up. He was wearing a white coat, a blue top and blue trousers. The man and a man in a striped shirt were looking at the cabinet on the left side of the video.
The man in the white coat walked to the blue cabinet and talked to the bald man. The man in blue shirt and blue trousers approached the front of the video.
A woman wearing a gray down jacket at the bottom of the video gives money to the store owner
The woman wearing a black top walks to the shelf in the middle of the video
The woman in a gray down jacket walked out of the video from the right after taking the change.
The man wearing a black coat in the lower right corner of the video walks to the bottom of the video
The woman wearing a black top leaves from the right side of the video
The man in a black coat walked from the bottom of the video to the counter on the left
There is a woman wearing blue slippers at the bottom of the video, and a woman wearing blue long sleeves above her. At this time, a woman with long hair walks into the center of the video
The woman with long hair leaves from the right side of the video
After a man wearing jeans appeared on the right side of the video, quickly left the video to the right.
5 people walked past in the video, one in yellow clothes, one in brown top, one in gray top, and one in leopard print top
In the lower right corner of the video, a woman wearing a purple top is filling something to drink.
A woman wearing a down jacket appeared in the lower right corner of the video. The woman wearing blue long sleeves got up. The woman in the purple top walked to the store above the video.
The woman in blue long sleeves gave the satchel to the woman in blue slippers.
A man wearing a brown shirt walked out from the right side of the video.
A woman wearing a blue vest appears from the right side of the video, goes straight, then turns right and exits the video
A woman wearing a red hat walks in from the bottom of the video, goes straight and then turns left to leave the video
A woman wearing blue lining appears on the right side of the video, sits in front of the store on the right side of the video for a while, and then leaves from the right side of the video
A man in a black shirt leaves from the right
The man in brown shirt who appeared before leaves the video on the escalator above the video
A woman wearing a yellow top walked out of the right side of the video, trotted towards the escalator above the video and left downwards
A woman wearing jeans and black pants enters the store of a woman wearing blue slippers
A man in a khaki shirt walked out of the store opposite and walked towards the escalator to leave the video
A woman wearing a black and gray waistcoat came up from the top of the video and left from the bottom of the video
There is a woman playing with her mobile phone standing in front of the store on the upper right side of the video
The woman playing with her mobile phone returns to the store
A child in a yellow top walked out of the first store on the right side of the video
The child in a yellow shirt stands in the channel in the middle of the video
The woman in black and gray waistcoat appears from the bottom of the video and walks to the top of the video to leave on the escalator.
The child in the yellow top goes straight and turns left and leaves the video range
A woman wearing a black top and black shoes appeared in the first store on the right
A child in a yellow top appears from the left side of the video, and a woman wearing orange pants and a black top and black shoes appears from the first store on the right side and leaves from the right side of the video.
There are two people on the right side of the video, one wearing a red top and the other wearing a black top with red lining.
Two men appeared on the left side of the video, one wearing an orange jacket and the other wearing jeans. They left from the right side of the video in turn.
Four ladies walked up to the top of the video. When passing the first shop on the left, a lady walked out of the shop. The four of them left together from the right side of the video.
A woman in a black dress and a man in a black coat came to the top of the video
There is a woman wearing blue trousers sitting in front of the first store on the right side of the video
The woman in a black dress and the man in a black coat paused briefly in front of the store on the right and left from the bottom right of the video
Two people in red tops left the escalator of the video vendor, a woman in a pink top
and the man in a blue coat leave from the lower right corner of the video
A woman wearing an orange coat walks up to the top of the video and leaves from the lower right corner of the video
A woman wearing blue long sleeves walked out of the first store on the left and sat in front of the door
Two men in military uniforms walked out from the left side of the video, one behind him was carrying a crossbody bag, and the two left from the lower right side of the video.
A man in military uniform appears on the left side of the video, and a woman wearing pink-lined jeans walks up to the top of the video. The two of them leave from the lower right corner of the video.
The man in military uniform carrying a satchel appeared from the lower right corner of the video
A woman wearing blue slippers walked out of the first store on the left side of the video
The man in military uniform wearing a satchel leaves from the left side of the video
The woman in front of the third shop in the video on the right gets up and walks to the door of the shop on the left side of the video to talk to the woman wearing blue slippers
The man in military uniform with the bag walks in from the left and leaves from the lower right of the video
The woman wearing blue slippers walks to the door of the second store on the right side of the video and chats with the woman wearing blue pants
A woman wearing a light gray top appears in the first store on the right side of the video
There are two women on the left side of the video, one wearing jeans and the other wearing a blue coat
A man wearing jeans appears on the left side of the video and runs away from the lower right side of the video. Wearing jeans and a blue coat, he leaves from the lower right side of the video.
A slightly fat lady wearing a black top appears on the left side of the video and leaves from the lower right side of the video
A woman holding a big bag on the left side of the video walks to the bottom right of the video and leaves. Behind him, a man wearing a black hat also leaves from the bottom right of the video.
The woman wearing blue long sleeves on the left is chatting with the short-haired woman in the opposite shop
A man wearing a blue coat appears on the left side of the video leading a child wearing an orange coat, and leaves from the lower right corner of the video
A man wearing a plaid shirt walked above the video, walked to the lower right corner of the video and left
A ponytailed woman appears in the first store on the left side of the video, and the woman sitting in front of the store enters the store
A woman wearing a blue coat and the ponytailed woman who appeared before appeared in the first store on the left side of the video
The woman in the blue coat and the woman with ponytail who appeared before leave from the lower right corner of the video
A man in a brown coat walks up from the top of the video, and a child in pink clothes walks behind him holding a woman in a black coat and a tall man in gray clothes.
A child in pink clothes leads a woman in a black coat into the first store on the right side of the video
Man in brown coat, tall man in gray clothes leaves from the lower right side of the video
Two men walked into the first store on the left side of the video, one wearing blue and white stripes and the other wearing green sneakers
The child in pink clothes walked out of the store on the right side of the video. After leaving the lower right side of the video, he and the tall man in gray clothes walked into the store on the right side.
The child in pink clothes walked out of the store on the right side of the video, and was pulled back into the store by the woman in black coat
The child in pink clothes, the woman in black coat, the tall man in gray clothes leave from the lower right side of the video
Wearing blue and white stripes and wearing green sneakers leave from the lower right side of the video
A short-haired woman who had appeared in the store on the right walked out of the store on the left side of the video and walked into the escalator above the video
The child in pink clothes and the woman in black coat walk into the store on the right side of the video from the lower right side of the video
On the left side of the video, a man wearing a gray and red coat and a woman holding a pink plastic bag walked into the second store on the right
At the top of the video, a man wearing blue lining and a thin man appear one after another. The two leave from the lower right side of the video.
The man wearing a gray and red coat and the woman holding a pink plastic bag leave from the lower right side of the video
A man in brown uniform moved two boxes of items out of the car. A man in black half-sleeves walked out of the left side of the video and ran to help him
Man in brown uniform and man in black half sleeves leave the video from the left
The man in brown uniform walked to the front of the car. The man in black half-sleeves appeared and then disappeared from the left side of the video.
The man in brown uniform takes out the box from the car and leaves from the left side of the video
There is only a van parked in the center of the video
The man in brown uniform walked to the front of the car and entered
Blue Korean text appears in the center of the video
A white car appears on the left side of the video
Four blue Korean paragraphs are broadcast below the video
The white car that appears on the left side of the video parked in the parking space below the video, and yellow Korean text appeared in the center of the video
Green Korean text appears in the center of the video, and a white car appears on the left side of the video
Six segments of white and yellow Korean text appear below the video. The white car that appears on the left side of the video stops in the parking space below the video, and yellow Korean text appears in the center of the video.
Yellow text appears in the center of the video
A white car drives out on the right side of the video, and 6 paragraphs of white Korean text come out below the video
A man wearing white half-sleeves appears in the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A person wearing an orange top and a person wearing a red top appear in the video
A small billboard appears in the video
The man wearing an orange top entered a shop painted with yellow paint
On the road, passing several cars
A high-rise building in the city has a green billboard on the building
The video camera focuses on a man wearing black and white stripes
The camera focuses on a woman holding a child in yellow clothes
There is a small tree in the video
Video transformation focuses on a Beetle on the roadside
The video changes to a moving red car
The driving red car stopped on the roadside
The video failed to focus many times, and only one pedestrian could be seen on the roadside.
Video transformation shot to the road in the distance
A van with fedex printed on it drives into the left side of the video, and there are many black garbage bags on the right side of the video
The van with fedex printed on it drives out from the right side of the video
There are many cars parked on the road in the upper right corner of the video
A white car drives into the right side of the video
The white car stopped by the road and a person walked out
In the video, a woman in pink clothes gives money to a bald man in green clothes.
The person wearing green half-sleeves in the upper left of the video disappears from the upper right of the video after digging some food from the counter
The man in green half-sleeves appears from the counter on the left side of the video and walks to the counter on the right side of the video. The bald man in green clothes checks the money in his hand and returns it to the woman in pink clothes.
The woman in pink clothes gave money to the bald man in green clothes. The bald man in green clothes gave his money to the woman in pink clothes.
The bald man in green clothes opened the cash register again, took some money from it and gave it to the woman in pink clothes, who counted it and put it in her bag
The bald man in green clothes handed it to the woman in pink clothes. The latter accidentally dropped it on the ground and bent down to pick it up.
The bald man in green clothes gave the man in green half-sleeves a plastic bag, packed the food and left the store
A man in a white shirt walked towards the top of the video and disappeared
The man in a white shirt appeared from the top of the video again and sat back in his seat in the center of the video
There are four people sitting around the table in the middle of the video, all using computers, and the screen is covered by gray squares
A pedestrian is on the right side of the video, and there are many vehicles on the road.
The pedestrian on the right side of the video leaves from the left side of the video
A pedestrian appears on the left side of the video, crossing the road to the opposite side
There is a white car below the video
There are vehicles passing through the road in the middle of the video
A man in a white shirt walks into the left side of the video and gets into a black car
The black car adjusts its position and drives out of the video from the left side of the video
A white van reverses into the center of the video
A man got out of the white van, pressed on the wall on the left side of the video, and walked back and forth on the road
Video A black car appears from the left side of the video, pauses at the bottom of the video, then turns around and leaves from the left side of the video
A man wearing a green waistcoat walks out from the left side of the video, pushing this trolley, and leaves from the right side of the video
The video jumps to a garage, with a black car at the door
The video lens jumps, and an orange rolling door appears in the center of the video
The video changes to night mode, an animal wanders near the fence on the left side of the video and then leaves from the right side of the video
The video changes to night mode, and a rolling door appears in the center of the video
Seven men and one woman wearing white shirts walked out of the door on the upper right side of the video. Among them, there were three men wearing white shirts, one with a red shirt, one with a green shirt, and one with a green shirt. famous plaid shirt
Seven people left from the bottom of the video in turn
A short, fat man walks out from the bottom of the video and enters the door on the upper right side of the video
A white vehicle on the highway leaves the camera's field of view
A red vehicle drives away from the camera's field of view, during which several vehicles running opposite the red vehicle drive away from the camera's field of view
A black vehicle turns into the camera's field of view and then drives straight away from the camera's field of view. During this period, several vehicles driving opposite the black vehicle leave the camera's field of view.
A black van turns left into the right highway lane in the camera field of view, followed closely by a white car
A silver car goes straight from the right side of the camera to the lane on the left side of the camera, and a silver jeep drives away from the camera quickly above the camera
A white vehicle quickly leaves the camera field of view from below the camera, followed by several vehicles following closely behind. During this period, several vehicles drive away from the camera.
A black vehicle enters from below the camera, then drives away from the camera, followed by several vehicles, and an opposite vehicle drives away from the camera from above
A black-top car on the left is parked at the intersection, during which several vehicles on the right drive away from the camera
The black-top car starts running from the left side of the camera to the right side of the camera and then leaves the camera, followed by a truck carrying a dog.
A white vehicle at the bottom of the camera quickly drives away from the camera
A silver car drives away from the camera from the bottom to the top of the camera. During this period, a car drives opposite to it and a car follows closely behind.
A black car turns from the right side of the camera and drives towards the top of the camera
A white vehicle above the camera turns onto the straight road. During this period, a black vehicle drives opposite it and turns right into the intersection above.
Several vehicles passing by the road
A truck stopped at the red light and then turned right into the intersection
There is a red car stopped at the red light
A silver car turns left into the intersection below the camera, followed closely by a black car
The red car turns right into the intersection
A white car stops at the red light from above the camera
A silver jeep stops from the left side of the camera and turns toward the bottom of the camera, followed closely by a black car
A vehicle on the right side of the camera turns into the bottom of the camera, and then the white car drives away from the camera
Several vehicles drive from below the camera to the top of the camera
Several vehicles are facing each other and heading towards the bottom of the camera
A black vehicle stopped at a red light and then drove away from the camera. A white vehicle drove away from the camera next to it.
Several vehicles drive from the top of the camera to the bottom of the camera, and several vehicles drive from the bottom of the camera away from the top of the camera
A white vehicle enters below the camera, turns left at the red light, and drives away from the camera.
A silver car turns left into the highway intersection on the left side of the camera
A black vehicle stopped at the red light and drove away from the camera, followed by several vehicles
Several vehicles are driving opposite it and away from the camera
A black car turns into the camera's view of the road and then drives away from the camera
A black car leaves the camera after stopping at a red light
A white vehicle turns into the road from the left side of the camera and then leaves the camera's field of view
Several vehicles came from above the camera and stopped at the red light. A white car drove from the right side of the camera across the road on the left side of the camera.
Two cars turn from below the camera onto the road on the left side of the camera
Several vehicles drive away from the cameras field of view after the green light
A silver car drives from the left side of the camera to the bottom of the camera. Several vehicles drive from the top of the camera and stop at the red light.
A passerby leads a dog from the right side of the road to the left side of the road
Several vehicles drive away from the camera after the green light
A silver car drives from the bottom of the camera to the top of the camera, followed by several vehicles
A vehicle on the right side of the camera turns into the road below the camera
A red vehicle above the camera is parked at a red light
A white car turns from below the camera into the road on the left side of the camera, followed by a truck
A car on the right side of the camera pulls items towards the top of the camera
After the green light, the red vehicle takes the lead and leaves the camera field of view, followed by several vehicles.
Several pedestrians walk towards the bottom of the camera
Several vehicles passed the road during this period
A white car and a black car, stopped at a red light and then drove away from the camera
A white truck behind stops the white truck at the red light
The white truck turns right and enters the road on the right side of the camera
Several vehicles drive from below the camera to the top of the camera
A white car drives from the top of the camera to the road on the left side of the camera
A white vehicle is seen on the right side of the camera and turns into the road below the camera
Two pedestrians leave the camera's field of view on the sidewalk on the left side of the camera
Several vehicles passing by the road
Two vehicles stopped at the red light
A white truck turns left from below the camera onto the road on the left, followed closely by a white car
The vehicle drives away from the camera after the green light
A black car stopped at the red light
The vehicle on the right turns into the road above the camera and then drives away from the camera
A minivan drove straight to the road on the left
There are two more cars stopped at the red light in the leftmost lane of the straight road.
After the green light, the vehicle drives towards the road below the camera
Several vehicles passing by the road
A vehicle drives above the camera and stops at the red light
The vehicle on the right side of the camera goes straight to the road on the left side of the camera
A vehicle below the head is driving towards the top of the camera
The vehicle drives away from the camera after the green light
There are several vehicles below the camera heading towards the top of the camera
A silver car on the left side of the camera drives quickly towards the road on the right side of the camera
A car on the right side of the camera turns into the road below the camera, followed by a car that turns into the road below
A truck above the camera drives to the bottom of the camera and then leaves the camera's field of view
Several vehicles on the right side of the camera turn onto the road above the camera
A pedestrian walks from the road on the left side of the camera to the bottom of the camera
A white truck on the right side of the camera turns into the road above the camera, and a car turns into the road below
A red car above the camera stops at a red light and then drives towards the bottom of the camera
Several vehicles pass by the road. A black car drives towards the right side of the camera and goes straight to the road on the left side of the camera. The latter car drives towards the road below the camera.
A black car stopped at a red light. After the light turned green, the black car drove away from the camera.
A black car below the camera turns left onto the road on the left
A black vehicle on the right side of the camera turns onto the road above the camera
A black car below the camera turns into the road on the left
A white car drives from the bottom of the camera to the top of the camera
A silver car on the right side of the camera turns onto the road above the camera
Several vehicles passing by the road
A van turns left from below the camera and enters the road on the left side of the camera
A white van drives from the top of the camera to the bottom of the camera
A black vehicle drives towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles
A silver car on the left side of the camera turns into the road below the camera
A black car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed by a car.
A white jeep on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right, a red van on the right turns into the road below the camera, and a white car goes straight towards the road on the left
Several vehicles are approaching the top of the camera, stopping at the red light, and driving away from the camera when the light turns green
During this period, there are several vehicles below the camera heading towards the top of the camera
A silver vehicle on the right side of the camera turns into the road above the camera, and two vehicles drive away from the camera opposite it.
Two black cars below the camera are driving towards the top of the camera, one of them stops behind the red street light
Another black car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road above the camera. The stopped black car is about to change lanes. After the two cars almost collide, the black car reverses and stops in the parking area.
During this period, a white truck drove from the top of the camera to the bottom of the camera
A vehicle drives from below the camera to the top of the camera, followed closely by a white car
A red car on the left side of the camera turns into the road below the camera
The vehicle on the right side of the camera goes straight to the road on the left side of the camera
A white car stopped at the red light and drove away from the camera after the green light
A group of pedestrians on the road at the bottom left of the camera walked up and stopped at the red light. Several vehicles passed by the road.
The vehicle on the right side of the camera turns into the road above the camera
Pedestrians walk right to the sidewalk on the right side of the camera
Several vehicles passed the road during this period
A black car drives on the right side of the camera and turns onto the road above the camera
A black car on the left turns into the road below the camera, followed closely by a silver truck
A white car below the camera turns left to the road on the left, a white car drives towards the top of the camera, followed by several vehicles
A white vehicle stopped at the red light and drove towards the bottom of the camera after the light turned green
A white car drives from the bottom of the camera to the top of the camera, followed by a black car, followed by several vehicles, during which several vehicles from the top of the camera drive to the bottom of the camera
The black car on the left side of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera. A black car is driving from the bottom of the camera to the top of the camera, followed by another car. A vehicle from the top of the camera is driving to the bottom of the camera.
A black-top car is driving toward the top of the camera below the camera, and a silver jeep is driving opposite to it and is driving toward the bottom of the camera.
A silver car below the camera turns into the road on the left. Several vehicles pass by the road, and a silver car stops in the parking area.
Then the owner of the car got out of the car and ran across the road into the building on the left side of the camera.
Several vehicles drive from the top to the bottom of the camera. A passerby crosses the road to the parking area and enters the cab of the car. A vehicle enters the road on the left side of the camera from the right side of the camera.
The car in the parking area reverses and then drives towards the top of the camera. A black Jeep stops at the red light and waits for the green light to drive away from the camera. A white car below the camera turns left and enters the road on the left.
A cyclist passes by the road. The car on the left side of the camera stops at the left intersection and then drives towards the bottom of the camera.
A black car appears from the left side of the camera, stops at the intersection, and then drives towards the road above the camera
The last white car drives towards the bottom of the camera
A vehicle below the camera turns left and enters the road on the left
A silver truck below the camera turns left onto the road on the left, a black car drives straight above, and a white truck drives towards the road above the camera
A car below the camera turns left and enters the road on the left, a bus below the camera drives to the road above, and then several vehicles pass by the road
A red car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection, and then drove quickly to the road below the camera. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road
A car stopped at the red light and drove away from the camera after the light turned green.
A white jeep on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right side of the camera
A white car drives from the top of the camera to the bottom of the camera
A white car below the camera drives toward the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles
Several vehicles above the camera are driving towards the road below the camera, and a white vehicle below the camera is driving quickly towards the road above the camera
A black car on the right side of the camera turns to the road below the camera. A black car below the camera turns left onto the road on the left. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
Several vehicles above the camera are driving towards the bottom of the camera, and several vehicles are driving from below to above
A black car stopped at the intersection on the left side of the camera
Two cars above the camera are stopped at the red light
The vehicle on the left drives to the road on the right
Two cars drive away from the camera after the green light
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera
The white vehicle on the left side of the camera drives towards the road below the camera. The silver vehicle behind it stops at the intersection, then turns and drives towards the road above the camera.
A small black jeep below the camera turns left onto the road on the left, and a white car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera
A car dragging a car from the top of the camera to the bottom of the camera
A car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection, and then turned onto the road below the camera
A car above the camera turns right into the intersection
A jeep below the camera is driving quickly towards the road above the camera
The vehicle on the right side of the camera turns to the top of the camera and then leaves the camera
A white car on the left turns into the road below the camera
The vehicle above the camera stops at the red light. A car on the right turns into the road below. After the light turns green, it drives towards the road below.
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles
Several vehicles are coming from above the camera and going to the vehicles below the camera
A black car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera
A black car turned left onto the left road
A black jeep above the camera drives to the red light and turns right onto the right road. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A truck at the bottom of the camera is driving to the road above the camera, a car is driving opposite it to the road below, and a cyclist is riding from below to the road above.
A black car on the left stopped at the intersection. After the light turned green, it turned and drove to the road above.
Two pedestrians then crossed the road to the left side of the road
Several vehicles stopped at the red light and drove to the road below the camera when the light turned green
A black truck on the right drove to the road on the left, and a Jeep stopped at the red light
Another white jeep on the right drives towards the road below the camera. After the light turns green, the jeep drives to the road below.
A black car on the right turns to the top of the camera, during which several vehicles pass by the road
A white jeep stopped at the red light in the middle lane of the road and then drove to the road on the right side of the camera
A truck on the right is driving towards the top of the camera, followed by a car.
A car on the left drives to the road below the camera
Several vehicles passed the road during this period
A black truck below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera
A silver car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection and then drove to the right road
Two vehicles on the right are driving towards the road above the camera, and a car on the left is driving towards the road below the camera
A black car below drives towards the road on the left side of the camera, two pedestrians walk to the road below, and several vehicles pass by the road during the period
A car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection, then drove to the road on the left, and the vehicle on the right drove to the road below
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road on the left, a silver car is driving towards the road above, and several vehicles are passing by the road
Two vehicles above the camera drive to the road below the camera, and a black car below the camera drives to the road above the camera. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road
A truck stopped at a red light. A car on the right drove to the road above the camera, and the other drove to the road below the camera. After the light turned green, several vehicles drove out of the camera's field of view.
A red sports car turned left onto the road on the left. A black car on the left stopped at the intersection on the left and then drove to the road below the camera.
During this period, two cars drove from below to the left road, and several vehicles passed the road.
A truck on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road on the left side of the camera. A car stops at the red light and then drives to the road below the camera, followed by a car.
A red car below the camera turns to the road on the left, a black car on the left stops at the intersection, and then drives to the road above the camera
Several vehicles passed the road during this period
A white car on the right drove to the road below, a black car above drove to the road below, and then several vehicles passed by the road
A black car on the left stopped at the intersection, and then drove to the right road. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A car stopped at the red light, then entered the right road, the vehicle on the left drove to the road below, a white car followed closely, and the black car below drove to the left Highway, several vehicles passing by
A black car drives from below to the road above the camera. A white van above the camera drives to the road below. Several vehicles pass by the road during the process.
A black truck below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, and several vehicles pass by the road
A white jeep on the right side of the camera turns to the road above the camera, and a car behind it drives to the road on the left
An SUV on the right turns to the road above the camera
Several vehicles passed the road during this period
A car stopped at the red light in the middle lane of the road, and then drove to the road below the camera. A white car on the right side of the camera turned to the road above the camera.
A white car on the right side of the camera turns to the road above the camera.
A truck on the right turns to the road above the camera
A black car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection, then turned to the road below the camera, during which several vehicles passed by the road
A white car stopped at the red light. A black SUV on the right side of the camera drove to the road on the left side of the camera. After the light turned green, the white car turned right to the right road. Several vehicles passed by during the process. highway
A black car is coming from the road below the camera and driving towards the road above the camera. Several vehicles follow closely behind. A black car below turns left to the road on the left.
A silver car on the right road is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by the vehicle behind it
A black car on the left side of the camera turns to the road below the camera, and a white truck below the camera drives to the road above the camera
A white car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles
A white truck at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, and a white car at the top of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, followed closely by the car behind it
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, and a black car at the top of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, during which several vehicles pass by the road
A white car on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right side of the camera, and the black car behind it turns towards the road below the camera
A silver car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera
A white car stopped at the red light and then turned to the road on the right side of the camera
Several vehicles above the camera are driving towards the road below the camera, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road on the left, and a silver car on the right side of the camera turns to the road above. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A silver vehicle at the top of the camera is driving quickly towards the road below the camera, followed by a car, and a black-top car on the right is driving towards the road above the camera, during which several vehicles pass by the road
A white vehicle below drove into the road on the left, a car on the right stopped at the intersection, and then turned to the road above
A car stopped at a red light, and a van below drove towards the road on the left side of the camera
After the green light, the car drove towards the road below the camera, and there were passers-by walking on the sidewalk on the left
A black car drives towards the road above the camera, a jeep on the right side of the camera drives towards the road on the left side of the camera, followed closely by the car, and then the white car drives towards the road below the camera
A silver car below turns left to the road on the left, a black car drives towards the road above the camera, followed by a white car, and several vehicles pass by the road
The black car on the left stopped at the intersection and then drove to the right road. A car stopped at the red light and then drove to the road below. A car below drove to the road above.
A white truck below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles
The black car on the right is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by two cars behind it
The vehicle above is driving towards the road below the camera, several vehicles below the camera are driving towards the road above the camera, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A silver car on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right, and two cars below the camera drive towards the left side of the camera
A car on the top of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, and a white car is driving on the road on the right side of the camera towards the road below.
A silver car below the camera drives to the road on the left. Two vehicles stop at the red light, and then drive to the road below the camera, followed by a car.
A jeep on the left side of the camera stops at the intersection and then drives towards the road on the right side of the camera
A white car stopped at a red light and drove towards the road below the camera
A white jeep above the camera stops at a red light, then turns right to the road on the right. A black car stops at the red light and then drives towards the road below.
A cyclist quickly drove towards the road below
The silver car heads to the right road, and the white car on the right road heads to the road above
Several vehicles passed by the road. A white van stopped at the red light and then drove to the road below the camera.
A white car on the right turned to the road above, and two vehicles passed the road
A black car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection, then turned to the road above the camera, and the white car behind it drove to the road below the camera
A car on the road on the right side of the camera stopped at the intersection, and then the car drove to the road above the camera, during which several vehicles passed by the road
Several vehicles passed the road. A car behind the building on the left drove to the red light and stopped, then turned to the road on the left.
A black car below quickly drives towards the road above the camera, a black car below drives towards the road on the left, and several vehicles pass by the road
Two pedestrians on the left walk towards the road on the right, and the black car on the left drives towards the road below the camera
A black car on the right is driving towards the road above the camera, a van below is driving towards the road on the left, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed by a car. Behind the building, a car turns onto the road and stops at the red light, then turns to the right road.
At the bottom of the camera, a small truck drives towards the road above, followed by a car. A white small truck on the right turns towards the road above, and the car follows closely behind the truck.
A car above the camera drives towards the road below the camera, and several vehicles pass by the road
Two pedestrians walked up from the left sidewalk and stopped in front of the building. One person walked out of the building. The three started talking and then the two walked toward the road below.
A silver car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road on the left side of the camera, a white car below drives towards the road above, a car follows closely behind, and then several vehicles pass by the road
The two cars above stopped at the red light and then drove to the road below. Several vehicles passed by the road.
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, the vehicle above the camera drives towards the road below, and then several vehicles below drive towards the road above the camera
A small truck below drove to the road above, followed by several vehicles, several vehicles from above drove to the road below, and several pedestrians came out of the building and walked up
A car on the right side of the camera turns to the road above, and then another car turns to the road above the camera, followed closely by a car. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
At the bottom of the camera, a white pickup truck drives towards the road above, followed by a car. The car behind it turns left to the road on the left, and several vehicles below drive towards the road above.
A car above the camera is driving towards the bottom of the camera, an SUV on the road below is driving towards the road above, and a car is driving towards the road below
A car below the camera turns to the left road, a black car on the left stops at the intersection, and then drives to the right road
Several vehicles coming from above stopped at the red light. A jeep below drove to the left road. After the green light, several vehicles drove to the road below.
A silver car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection, a car above it drove to the red light and stopped, then the silver car drove to the right road, and the vehicle at the red light drove towards the camera right road
A car above is driving quickly towards the road below, and a white vehicle below is driving towards the road above. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road
Below the camera, a black pickup truck pulling goods turned left and drove to the left road. Several vehicles passed by the road.
In the lower shot, a silver jeep turns left and drives to the left road. A black car drives from above. It stops at the red light and drives to the road below. Several vehicles follow closely behind.
There were several pedestrians at the red light on the left. The two vehicles above stopped at the red light and then turned to the right road. After the vehicles passed the road, several pedestrians walked towards the right road. at
A jeep on the left drove towards the road on the right. Several pedestrians walked up and then entered the parking area. A black car below drove towards the road above.
Two vehicles above the camera stopped at the red light, one vehicle on the right drove to the road below, and several vehicles drove to the road below after the green light.
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below, several vehicles below are driving towards the road above, the vehicles in the parking area turn around and stop at the red light, and the vehicles on the left are driving towards the road on the right
The vehicle drove downwards after the green light. A white car stopped at the red light and then turned right to the right road. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A white car below drives towards the road above, followed by several vehicles. A car on the right road drives towards the road above, and several vehicles pass by.
A black-top car below the camera turns left to the road on the left. A car above the camera stops at a red light and then turns right to the road on the right.
A white car above the camera is driving towards the road below, a black car is driving towards the road below on the left road, and a car below is driving towards the road above
A white car at the bottom of the camera is driving quickly towards the road above, followed by a black car
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, followed by several vehicles, and a white car is driving towards the road on the left
A white car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, and two vehicles at the top of the camera are driving towards the road below.
A car below drives towards the road above, followed by a car.
A white car on the left side of the camera is driving towards the road below, and a red vehicle below is driving towards the road on the left. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road
A silver car on the left road stopped at the intersection, a black pickup truck below drove to the road above, the silver car drove to the right road, and a white car drove to the road below the camera
An SUV on the right side of the road is driving to the left side of the road, and two vehicles below are driving to the left side of the road.
A cyclist above rides towards the road below, followed by a car behind him
A car on the right road drove towards the road above, and then another car drove towards the road above. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A white car at the top is driving towards the road below, and a pickup truck at the bottom of the camera is driving quickly towards the road above the camera
A car above is driving towards the road below, and a pickup truck on the right road stops briefly at the intersection and then drives towards the road above.
A car below is driving towards the road above, and a car turns left to the road on the left
A silver car on the left road drives towards the road on the right side of the camera, and a vehicle on the right side of the camera drives towards the road below
Several cars on the upper road were driving towards the lower road, and a black car was driving from below to the upper road.
A car above the camera drives towards the road below the camera. A white pickup truck stops at the red light and then turns right to the road on the right
A truck at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles above are driving towards the road below
A silver car stopped at a red light. A black car drove to the left road on the road below the camera. After the light turned green, the silver car drove to the road below. Several vehicles passed by the road.
A white pickup truck stopped at the red light, then turned right onto the right road
A white pickup truck below drives towards the road above, and a black pickup truck below turns into the road on the left
A white SUV on the right road drove towards the road above, followed by several vehicles
A vehicle below turns into the road on the left
A black car below is driving towards the road above, and a white car on the right road is driving towards the road below
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below, a car on the left road stops at the intersection, and then turns to the road above
A black car above stopped at the red light, then drove to the road below, followed by several vehicles
A large van on the right side of the camera is driving towards the left road, a white car below is driving quickly towards the road above, and a black car on the left is driving towards the road below
A white car at the bottom of the camera drives towards the road above the camera, and a car on the right road drives towards the road below. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, a white car at the top is driving towards the road below, another white car at the bottom is driving towards the road above, several vehicles pass by the road
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed closely by a black car
A white Jeep stopped at the red light, then turned right to the right road, and an SUV on the road below turned to the left road
An SUV below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed closely by a black car
A car on the right side of the camera stopped at the intersection, a car below drove to the road above, and then turned to the road above the camera
At the bottom of the camera, a white car drives towards the road above, followed by several vehicles, and two vehicles above drive towards the road below.
Cars above the camera are driving towards the road below. A white car turns onto the road on the right side of the camera and drives onto the road above the camera. Then a car above the camera drives towards the road below.
A car below the camera turns left and enters the road on the left, and a car above the camera drives towards the road below.
A white car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road above, and a car above is driving towards the road below.
A white car at the bottom of the camera drives towards the road above, followed closely by a black car.
A car above stopped at the red light. After the light turned green, the car drove toward the road below.
A white car above the camera stopped at a red light, and then turned to the right road. A white pickup truck below the camera drove towards the road above the camera, and a black car followed. Followed by
A black vehicle on the right side of the camera drives into the road above, a silver car drives towards the road below, and a pedestrian on the left leads a dog towards the top
The vehicle on the right side of the camera turns to the road below the camera, and a rider turns to the road above and drives quickly
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above. The black vehicle at the top stops at the red light and then turns right to the road on the right.
A black car at the bottom of the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed by a car. A white car at the top of the camera drives towards the red light and then enters the road on the right
A truck and the vehicle behind it at the top of the camera are driving towards the road below the camera, and the vehicles on the road below are driving towards the road above. During this period, several vehicles are passing by the road.
A white car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road below, and then several vehicles pass by the road
A black car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles above are driving towards the road below
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below, and a black car below the camera is driving towards the road above
A car above the camera stopped at a red light and then turned onto the road on the right
A white pick-up truck in the west of the lens turns into the road on the left
A car above is driving towards the road below, and a rider below is riding upwards
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, followed by several cars, and a white car at the top of the camera is driving towards the road below
A white SUV below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, a black car is driving towards the road below the camera, and another white car is driving towards the road above the camera
The black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, and then several vehicles pass by the road
A black car above stopped at the red light, then drove to the road below the camera, and then several vehicles passed by the road
A white car above the camera drives towards the road below the camera, and several pedestrians on the left enter the building
A white car above the camera drives towards the road below the camera, a car below drives towards the road above, and a car follows closely behind
The white car on the left drove to the road below, and then a black car drove to the road below. During this period, several pedestrians and vehicles passed by the road.
Pedestrians on the road on the left side of the camera go to the road on the right side, a white vehicle on the left side of the camera drives to the road on the right side, a van below drives towards the road above, followed by a black car back
A white car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road above, a white car on the road below the camera drives onto the left road, followed closely by a silver car
There are two passers-by on the right side of the camera. One is walking to the left, and the other is walking to the sidewalk above.
The black vehicle on the left stopped at the intersection and then drove toward the road below. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A silver car on the left side of the camera stopped at the intersection and then drove to the road below
A car on the right road is driving towards the road below
A white vehicle above the camera stopped at a red light and then drove to the road below, and the black vehicle below drove to the road above
Two cars above the camera stopped at the red light, then turned onto the right road, and a black vehicle quickly drove towards the road below
A pickup truck at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by a white car, followed by a car.
The vehicle in the parking area turned around and drove toward the road below, followed closely by a white pickup truck above
The white car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, a pickup truck on the right is driving towards the road above, and a car at the top of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera
After the construction, a black car turned onto the road and drove towards the road below. The car below drove towards the road above.
A car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles. A black car on the right is driving towards the road above, and several vehicles above the camera are driving towards the road below. ,
A pickup truck is driving towards the road above the camera, and a car is driving towards the road below
A white pickup truck drives towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles. Two pedestrians stop at the intersection next to the building on the left, and a car on the road on the left of the camera The silver car heads towards the road below
Several vehicles above the camera are driving towards the road below the camera. A white car stops at the red light and drives to the intersection on the right after the green light.
A bus at the bottom of the camera tows a car toward the road above. Several pedestrians are walking down the road on the left, and several vehicles are passing by the road.
A car on the right side of the camera is driving toward the left road, and a black car below is dragging a boat upward.
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below. The white car behind it stops at the red light. After the light turns green, the white car drives towards the road below.
A silver car on the left side of the camera drives towards the road below the camera, and a white car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera. A car behind the building enters the road and follows closely behind. A passerby next to the building walks towards the bottom.
A black car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by a car
A white jeep on the right turns to the road above the camera.
A white car above the camera is driving towards the road below, a white car below is driving towards the road above the camera, a passerby is walking down next to the building, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A van on the right side of the camera is driving opposite the van on the left side of the camera, and a car below is driving towards the road on the left.
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, and a car behind the construction turns to the road and drives towards the road below.
A black car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, the black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, and a white pickup truck above the camera is driving towards the road below
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving toward the road above, a white car on the right side of the camera is driving toward the road above, and the vehicle at the bottom of the camera is following closely behind and driving upward.
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, a white pickup truck is driving towards the road above the camera, followed closely by a car
A blue pickup truck drove into the road behind the building and then drove to the right side of the road
The vehicle above the camera is driving toward the road below the camera, and a car below the camera is driving toward the road on the left
A car stopped at the red light and then turned onto the road on the right
A black minivan at the top of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, and a white car at the bottom of the camera is driving quickly towards the road above the camera
A white pickup truck is driving towards the road above the camera, and several vehicles are driving towards the bottom of the camera.
A white car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, followed by a black car, and a silver car turns to the left road
A black car stopped at the red light and then turned to the right road. The red car on the left turned to the road below. Several vehicles passed by during the process.
A red car below the camera is driving towards the road above, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A black car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera. The black car stops at the intersection on the left road and then drives towards the road above the camera. The vehicle on the right side of the camera is driving to the left Highway, there are several vehicles below the camera heading towards the highway above the camera
A motorcycle on the road to the left of the camera stops briefly at the intersection and then drives to the road below the camera
A black car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road on the left, followed by a car
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, and a white pickup truck on the right side of the camera is driving towards the top of the camera
A car below the camera is driving towards the top of the camera, followed by a white car
A white car on the left side of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, a black car is driving towards the road on the left side of the camera, and two cars above are driving towards the road below.
A white car above the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, and a car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera
Several vehicles below the camera are driving towards the road above, and a silver car is driving towards the road above the camera on the right side of the camera.
A black car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, a car below is driving quickly towards the road above the camera, and a silver car on the right is driving towards the road above the camera
At the bottom of the camera, a white pickup truck drives towards the road above, followed by a vehicle. A passerby appears at the building and then enters the building. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road.
A pedestrian is walking towards the road below next to the building, and several vehicles below the camera are driving towards the road above.
After the construction, a car turned to the road and drove towards the road below the camera. The vehicle below the camera drove towards the road above.
Several pedestrians appeared next to the building and walked towards the bottom of the camera
Another car appeared from behind the building and turned towards the road below.
A black car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles
After the construction, a car drove onto the road and drove towards the road below. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A white car on the left road is driving towards the road below the camera, and a car on the right is driving towards the road above,
The black vehicle at the bottom of the camera drives into the left road, and then another car drives onto the left road
A black car on the left road is driving towards the road below
A car below the camera drives towards the road above, and a white car behind the building drives onto the road towards the road below.
Two passers-by at the bottom of the camera are walking towards the road above. A car is driving towards the road above. People are walking out of the camera range, and several vehicles are passing by the road.
Two pedestrians on the right side of the camera walk to the left and then leave the camera field of view. The vehicle above drives towards the road below.
One car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, one vehicle is driving towards the road on the left, a black car below is driving towards the road above, and then several vehicles pass by the road
A white car at the top of the camera is driving towards the road below the camera. Two cars at the bottom of the camera are driving towards the road above. A car at the top is driving towards the road below. Two passers-by are walking towards the building. below
A car above the camera stops at a red light. After the light turns green, the vehicle drives to the right road
A car below the camera is driving towards the road above the camera, another car is driving towards the road above, and another car is following closely behind
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road on the left, a car is driving towards the road above, several pedestrians are walking on the sidewalk, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A silver car on the left side of the camera stops briefly at the intersection and then drives towards the road below the camera
Two cars at the top of the camera are driving toward the road below, and then another car is driving toward the road below.
A truck at the bottom of the camera is dragging goods to the road above, followed by a truck and a black car.
A black car below the camera is driving towards the road above, followed by several vehicles
A silver van below the camera is driving towards the road on the left side of the camera, and a car on the right is driving towards the road above
The two vehicles below drive towards the road above, the vehicle on the right drives towards the road above and then behind the building
A car below the camera drives towards the road above the camera, followed closely by a car
A car above the camera is driving towards the road below the camera, and a car below is driving towards the road above
After the construction, a car drove onto the road and drove towards the road below the camera.
A car above the camera is driving towards the highway above, followed by a black car
The black vehicle above is heading towards the road below, and the white car on the right is heading towards the road above
A car on the right road drives towards the road below the camera, the vehicle behind it drives towards the road above, and the vehicle above the camera drives towards the bottom of the camera
A black car at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above, a red car is driving towards the road above, a vehicle is driving towards the top and then turns behind the building
A white car on the road above the camera is driving towards the road below, and the vehicle below is driving towards the road above
A car drove onto the road after the construction, and then drove down the road below, followed by a car
A silver car at the bottom of the camera is driving to the road on the left, and the car at the bottom of the camera is driving to the road above
A red pickup truck at the bottom of the camera is driving towards the road above
A car above drives towards the road below
A black car below drives towards the road above, followed by a car
A silver car drove to the left road
A black vehicle on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road above, and another is driving towards the road below
The vehicle below the camera drives towards the road above, followed by two vehicles
A car above is driving towards the road below
A black car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road above, a car below drives towards the road above, one drives towards the road on the left, and a black car follows closely behind
The car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road below, a car below the camera is driving towards the road above, followed by several vehicles, the vehicle above the camera is driving towards the road below,
A black car at the bottom of the camera drives towards the road above the camera, a white pickup truck at the top of the camera drives towards the road below the camera, several vehicles pass by the road
The black pickup truck on the right is heading towards the highway above
Several vehicles below are heading towards the highway above
A car on the right is driving towards the road below
A black vehicle below drives towards the road above the camera, followed by several vehicles. The vehicles in the parking area drive towards the road above, and a white pickup truck below drives towards the road above.
A car above drives towards the road below
Two pedestrians below go to the top, a car drives to the left road, and a white pickup truck drives to the road above the camera
A car above is driving towards the road below, another car is following closely, and a pickup truck is driving towards the road above
The white car on the right is driving towards the road above the camera, and the vehicle on the left is driving towards the road below
The black vehicle on the right is heading to the road on the left
A car at the top is driving towards the road below the camera, a white car is driving towards the road below the camera, the vehicle on the right is driving towards the road below the camera, during which several vehicles pass by the road
Several cars above drove towards the road below. The white car stopped next to the building. The two people got out and walked towards the building.
A black car passes by below
A silver van below is driving towards the road on the left
A car on the right drives towards the road above the camera, followed closely by a white car
A black car on the left stopped briefly at the intersection and then drove to the right road
The white car on the right side of the camera drives towards the road below
On a road, a white car parked on the lower side of the road
A red car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road on the left side of the camera, and a black car on the left side of the camera is driving on the road on the right side of the camera
Two cars on the right side of the camera drive towards the road on the left side of the camera
A car on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right side of the camera, followed by a white car and a red car following behind
A motorcycle on the right side of the camera is driving towards the left road, followed by a white car
A red car on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right side of the camera, followed closely by a white car
A car on the right side of the camera is driving towards the road on the left of the camera, a jeep on the left is driving on the right road, and several vehicles on the right are driving on the left road
A silver car on the left drives towards the road on the right of the camera, followed closely by a black car
Several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road, and a black car on the left is driving to the right road
A white car on the right drove to the left road and stopped at the intersection, then drove above, and a car drove into the left road
A white car on the right drove to the left road, then a black car drove to the left road, a car on the left drove to the right road, and a car followed closely
Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road and stopped at the intersection, then left the intersection, and several more vehicles drove to the left road.
A red car on the lower right side of the camera turns around and enters the road on the left and then drives until it leaves the camera. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road
A silver car on the left side of the camera drives towards the road on the right, followed by several vehicles
A jeep on the right drags a box and drives to the road on the left, followed by a white car behind it
Several vehicles on the right are driving to the road on the left, and a passerby in green is walking to the right on the sidewalk above the left
A silver pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by several vehicles. A vehicle on the right road is dragging a box towards the left road.
A black pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a black car, and a pedestrian is walking to the left on the upper left sidewalk.
Several vehicles on the right side of the road drove to the left road, and a silver car stopped at the intersection
A car on the left is driving to the right road, and two passers-by in blue on the lower left are walking to the right
Two passers-by on the upper left sidewalk walked to the right, and the silver car then drove downwards
Several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road. Two passers-by walking to the right and a passer-by in yellow pass each other.
A white jeep on the left drives towards the road on the right, followed by several vehicles
A silver car on the right drove to the intersection of the left road and stopped, then continued to drive on the left road, followed by several vehicles.
Several vehicles on the right drive to the left road, stop at the intersection and drive to the road below, and passers-by on the lower right sidewalk walk to the left
A red car on the left drove to the right road, followed by another red car
The car on the right drove to the left road, and another bus on the left drove to the right road
Several pedestrians on the lower left side walked to the right, and a black car drove to the left road on the right road, stopped at the intersection, and then continued driving, followed by several vehicles.
Two cars on the right are driving quickly towards the left road, a white van on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a large truck
A white pickup truck on the right stopped at the intersection of the left highway. Several vehicles on the left drove to the right highway. Then the white pickup truck drove toward the highway below, followed by a white car.
A black car on the right drives to the left road, a silver car on the left drives to the right road, and a red car follows closely behind
A black car on the right drove to the intersection of the left road and stopped, a silver car on the left drove to the right road, followed by several cars, and then the black car continued to the left Driving on the highway, a car followed closely behind
A black car on the left drove to the right road. Several vehicles on the right drove to the intersection of the left road and stopped, then continued driving. During this period, a car on the left drove to the right road.
A silver car on the left drives to the right road, followed by several vehicles behind it, and a black car on the right drives to the left road
A black car on the left is driving to the right road, a pedestrian on the lower left is walking to the right, a silver Cap is driving on the right road, followed by a red car, on the right A car drives to the left road
A black car on the left drove to the right road, followed by a silver car. Several vehicles on the right drove to the left road and stopped in the left and right lanes of the intersection, then continued driving. During Several vehicles on the left are driving towards the road on the right
A blue car on the right stopped in the second lane of the intersection on the left. A white car drove to the left road. Then the blue car drove to the road below. A car on the right The silver car drives to the left on the road
A white car on the right drove to the left road, a bread drove to the left lane of the left road and stopped, one drove in the right lane, and another followed closely behind. The blue vehicle then drove towards the road below, during which several vehicles on the left drove towards the road on the right.
A white pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, a black car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by several vehicles, and a blue car stopped at the intersection , a motorcycle stopped behind him, and then the two vehicles continued to drive. During this period, several vehicles on the left road drove towards the right road.
A jeep on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a white car, and a silver car on the right is driving to the left road
Several vehicles on the right are driving toward the left highway, and several vehicles on the left are driving toward the right highway.
A car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by a white car, a car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A blue car on the left is driving to the right road, two vehicles on the right are driving to the left road, and several pedestrians on the lower right sidewalk are walking to the left
Several vehicles on the right were driving towards the left road. An SUV stopped at the intersection of the left road and then continued driving. Several vehicles behind it followed closely. Several vehicles on the left were heading to the right. Driving on a square highway, a truck on the right is driving on the left highway, and a pedestrian is walking left on the upper sidewalk.
Pedestrians were walking down. A white pickup truck on the right road stopped at the left road intersection, and a white car stopped in the second lane of the left road intersection. Then the two vehicles continued to drive. Several vehicles in the same lane follow closely behind
A white car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by a silver car, and a van is driving to the right road on the left
A white car on the left is driving on the right road, a car is driving on the right road on the left road, a black car on the right is driving on the left road, and another car is driving on the left road road to the left
A black car on the left is driving to the left road, a white car is following closely, another black car is following closely, and several vehicles on the right are driving towards the right road
A black car on the left is driving to the right road, a car on the right is driving to the left road, a white pickup truck follows closely, and a silver car is in the second lane of the left road Stop and then continue driving
A silver pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road
A silver jeep on the left is driving on the right road, a red car on the right is driving on the left road, a black car on the left is driving on the right road, and a black pickup truck is driving on the right Stop at the intersection of the highway on the left, and then continue driving. During this period, several vehicles passed by the highway.
A white car on the right stopped at the second lane of the left road, and then continued driving. A black car on the right drove to the left road, and a cyclist on the left went to the right. Road riding, during which several vehicles pass by the road
A white car on the right stopped at the intersection of the left road, a blue car stopped in the second lane, a van on the left drove to the right road, and then two people on the right stopped. The vehicle started to drive, during which several vehicles passed by the road
A silver pickup truck on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road and then started driving. Several vehicles on the left drove towards the right road.
A white pickup truck on the right drove to the left road, a black car drove to the second lane on the left, stopped, and then continued driving, during which several vehicles passed the road
A white pickup truck on the right stopped at the intersection of the left highway, and then continued driving. A gray van on the left drove toward the right highway, and several vehicles passed by the highway during the period.
A car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road
A silver pickup truck on the left is driving towards the road on the right, followed by a car, and a white van on the right is driving towards the road on the left
The black car on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road and then drove. Several vehicles followed it and drove to the left road. Several vehicles on the left drove to the right road.
A small truck on the left road is driving on the right road, a white car on the right is driving on the left road, and two cars on the left are driving on the right road
The red car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by two cars. A black jeep on the right is driving on the left road, and a white jeep on the left is driving on the right road. , the bus on the right is driving towards the road on the left, during which several vehicles pass by the road
A jeep pulling a boat on the left is driving to the road on the right, followed by a car, followed by several vehicles, and a car on the right is driving on the road on the left
The two vehicles on the right stopped in the two lanes of the left road respectively, and then continued driving. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A jeep on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by several vehicles. A black car on the right is traveling towards the left road, followed by several vehicles.
A black car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by two cars. Several vehicles on the right are driving on the left road. A black car is parked in the second lane, and then Continue driving, while several vehicles on the right turn to the left road
A white car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by a black car, and a car on the left is driving to the right road, during which several vehicles pass by the road
The black pickup truck on the left is driving towards the road to the right of the camera. Pedestrians on the sidewalk on the upper side are walking to the left. The black car on the right stops at the intersection of the left road and then continues driving. A white pickup truck is on He stopped at the intersection on the left road and then continued driving, with the vehicle behind him following closely behind him.
A white pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, and the vehicle behind it is following closely. A silver car on the right side of the camera stops at the intersection of the left road, and then continues driving. The vehicle behind him followed closely, and several vehicles passed by the road during this period.
A silver car on the left is driving to the right road, and the car on the right is driving to the left road. The jeep behind stops at the road intersection, and then continues to drive, followed by the car behind. During Several vehicles passing by the road
A black pickup truck on the right is driving towards the left road. The vehicle on the left is driving quickly towards the right road. Another gray pickup truck is driving towards the right road, followed by a car. A black car drove to the second lane of the left road and stopped. The silver car on the left drove to the right road, and then the black car continued to drive to the left road.
A silver pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by the vehicle behind it, and two pedestrians on the lower left sidewalk are walking to the right
A white car on the right is driving towards the left road, the white car is driving towards the right road on the left road, the black car on the right stops in the second lane of the left road, and then continues driving, during Several vehicles passing by the road
A silver car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles on the left are driving to the right road
A black car on the left is driving towards the road on the right, followed by a car, a black car on the right is driving towards the road on the left, followed by several vehicles, on the left Several vehicles are traveling on the road to the right
A red car on the right drove to the intersection of the left highway and then continued driving. A white car drove to the second lane of the left highway and stopped, then continued driving, followed by the vehicle behind it. Afterwards, several vehicles passed by the road
A car on the left is driving on the right road, and then a black car is driving on the right road, followed by a car, and a red car on the right is driving on the left road. Stop at the second lane and then drive
A jeep on the right is driving to the road on the left, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A car on the right is driving towards the left road, and a white car is driving towards the right road on the left road
A black car on the left is driving quickly towards the right road. Several vehicles on the right are driving on the left road. A black car stops in the second lane and then continues driving. Several vehicles pass by during the period. highway
A silver car on the left road drove to the right road, followed by another white car. A motorcycle on the right drove towards the left road, followed by two vehicles. back
A group of pedestrians on the lower right sidewalk are walking to the left. The car on the right is driving to the left road. A white car on the left is driving to the right road. Several vehicles are passing by the road.
A black car on the left is driving towards the right road. A man in black on the lower left side enters the white car. Then the car starts and drives towards the right road. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road.
A large truck on the left is driving to the right road, a car is following behind it, and a silver car on the right is driving quickly to the left road
A white jeep on the left is driving towards the right road, a black car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by several vehicles, and several vehicles on the left are driving towards the right road
A black car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles on the right road are driving to the left road
The white car on the left drives to the right road, followed by a pickup truck, and several vehicles on the right drive to the left road
The red truck on the left is driving to the right road, followed by the silver car. Two black cars are driving to the right road, and a black car on the right is briefly stopping at the intersection of the left road. , continue driving, the vehicle behind you follows closely behind
A car on the right stopped on the roadside, then reversed into the parking area. During this period, a black car stopped in the second lane, and then continued driving.
A silver car on the left drove to the road on the right. The driver got off the car in the parking area, and several vehicles passed by the road.
A white pickup truck on the right is driving towards the left road, a white car is driving towards the right road on the left road, a car is following closely behind, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A black car on the left is driving towards the left road, followed by a white car, and a silver car on the right is driving towards the left road
A car on the right drove to the left highway intersection and stopped, then continued driving. Two vehicles behind it followed closely, and several vehicles passed the highway.
A silver car on the right drove to the left road, then a car drove to the left road, and several cars on the left road drove to the right road
A silver jeep on the right stopped at the intersection of the road on the left, and then continued driving. Several vehicles passed the road.
A black car stayed in the second lane of the left road, and then continued driving. A silver car on the right drove to the left road, and several vehicles passed the road.
A police car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a silver car driving to the right road, followed by a Jeep
A black car on the left is driving towards the right road, and several vehicles on the right are driving towards the left road. The white car stops in the second lane, and then continues driving. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road
Another black car stopped in the second lane, and then continued to drive. Another silver car repeated the actions of the black car. The black car on the left drove to the right road. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A silver jeep is driving on the right road to the left road, followed by several vehicles, and a red car on the left wants to drive on the right road
The black vehicle on the left is driving to the right road. A black car on the right stops at the intersection of the left road, and then drives away from the camera. A black car on the left is driving on the right road.
A white pickup truck on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a silver car and several vehicles.
A white car on the right is driving towards the left road. A white pickup truck stops at the intersection of the left road and then continues driving, followed by other vehicles behind it.
A white jeep on the right drove to the left road. After a short stop, it continued driving. A black car on the left drove to the right road, followed by another black car.
A white car on the right stopped at the intersection of the two lanes of the left road, and then drove. The latter car followed closely, and a white pickup truck on the right drove towards the left road.
A silver car on the right stopped at the intersection of the left road and then continued driving. A white jeep followed closely behind it. Several vehicles passed by the road during the period.
A white car on the right drove towards the left road, followed by several vehicles. A silver car drove to the second lane and stopped, then continued driving.
A jeep on the left drove to the right road, followed by a car, and a car on the right drove to the left road, during which several vehicles passed by the road
Three passers-by on the lower right sidewalk walked to the left, and a black car on the right drove to the left highway intersection and stopped.
A white car on the left drove to the right road, then a black car drove to the right road, followed by several vehicles, and a white car on the right drove to the left road travel
A white car on the right is driving to the left road, and a black car on the left is driving to the right road.
The motorcycle on the left is driving to the right road, the white car on the right is driving on the left road, a black car stopped in the second lane of the left road, and then continued to drive, during which several vehicles passed by highway
The silver car on the left is driving to the right road, a white car on the right is driving to the left road, followed by a car, and a red car on the left is driving to the right road travel
A white jeep on the right drives towards the left road, a black jeep on the left drives towards the right road, followed closely by a white car.
A red car on the left is driving towards the right road, several vehicles on the right are driving towards the left road, a white car on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a black car back
Several vehicles on the right were driving towards the left road. A black car stopped briefly in the second lane and then continued driving. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A black pickup truck on the left is driving towards the left road. Two cars on the right stopped in the first and second lanes of the left road respectively, and then drove away from the camera. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A car on the right is driving on the left road, a white car on the left is driving on the right road, and a black car is driving on the left road
A white jeep on the right stopped at the intersection of the road on the left, and then continued driving. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
A white car on the left is driving towards the right road, a silver car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by several vehicles
Several vehicles on the right stopped at the intersection of the left highway. The black car on the left drove toward the right highway. Several vehicles followed closely behind. Several vehicles on the right then drove away from the camera.
A pedestrian on the upper right sidewalk walked to the left, a silver van on the left drove to the right road, and then several vehicles passed by the road
A car on the left is driving to the right road, and a silver car on the right is driving to the left road. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A jeep on the left is driving towards the right road. A white vehicle on the right stops at the intersection of the left road. The other vehicles drive through the left road. Then the white vehicle and the vehicle behind it pass by the road. , several passers-by on the lower left sidewalk walk to the right
A red car on the right is driving to the left road, and a black car on the left is driving to the right road
A red jeep on the right stopped at the intersection of the road on the left, and then drove away from the camera
A black car on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a white car and a pickup truck. A black car is driving on the right road towards the left road, and several vehicles are closely following it. Then, a car on the left drove towards the road on the right.
A black pickup truck on the right is driving to the left road, followed by several cars, and a black car on the left is driving to the right road.
A white pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a black car
A white jeep on the right is driving to the left road, another white jeep is driving to the left road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A red pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a black car, a white car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by several vehicles
Two cars on the right go to the left road, and one car on the left goes to the right road
A black car on the left drove to the right road, a car on the right drove to the second lane of the left road and stopped, then continued driving, and another black jeep continued to get on the car.
A pink car on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by several vehicles, and a black car on the right is driving towards the left road
A silver jeep on the left is driving to the right road, and two cars on the right road are driving to the left road
A red car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a white car, and several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road.
A black jeep on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a white car. A pickup truck on the right pulls a cargo box and stops at the intersection of the two lanes of the left road. Then continue driving,
A white car on the right is driving towards the left road. Then a jeep stops in the second lane and then leaves the camera. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road.
A white pickup truck on the left is driving to the right road, and a jeep on the right is driving to the left road.
A black car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a silver car that stops at the intersection and then continues driving. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road
A white pickup truck on the left is driving towards the right road, and another white car is driving on the right road. Several vehicles pass by the road, and a white car on the right stops at the intersection of the left road. Down
The white car started to drive, and the vehicles behind it followed closely. Several vehicles passed by the road.
A white car on the right is driving towards the left road. A car is parked next to the sidewalk on the right. Several vehicles are passing by on the left and right sides of the road.
A black car on the left drove towards the right road, stopped in the lane where the car on the right drove towards the left road, stopped, and then continued driving.
A white car on the right is driving to the left road, a white van is driving on the left road to the right road, a black car is following closely, and three cars on the right are driving to the left Driving on square highway
Several vehicles on the right are heading to the road on the left
A car on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by a black car, a red vehicle and a white vehicle on the right are driving towards the left road, and there are pedestrians on the upper left sidewalk go right
A red sports car drove to the second lane of the left road and stopped, then left the camera. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road
A black car on the left is driving on the right road, a black pickup truck on the right is driving on the left road, and then a silver car on the left is driving on the right road
A black car on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road and then continued driving. The vehicle behind it followed closely. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A motorcycle on the left is driving towards the road on the right, followed by a pink car, followed by two more cars, and a black car on the right is driving towards the road on the left travel
Two cars on the right are driving on the left road, a white car on the left is driving on the right road, and a silver jeep on the right is driving on the left road.
A car on the left is driving quickly towards the right road. A white car on the right stops in the second lane. Then the white car drives away from the camera. A gray car on the right is driving towards the left road.
A silver car on the left is driving to the right road, another car is following closely, several cars on the right are driving to the left road, and several vehicles are passing by the road during this period
A silver car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road.
A white car on the right drove towards the left road, a black car drove towards the second lane of the left road and stopped, then continued driving, during which several vehicles passed by
Several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road, a car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a truck
A white car on the right stopped at the intersection of the left highway and then drove away from the camera. Another black car stopped in the second lane and then drove away from the camera.
Several vehicles on the right were driving towards the left road. A red jeep stopped in the second lane and then continued driving.
A black car on the right is driving to the left road, a white car is driving on the left road to the right road, two passers-by on the lower left sidewalk are walking to the right, during which several vehicles pass by the road
Two cars on the right stopped in the first and second lanes of the left highway, and then the two cars continued to drive, followed by several vehicles.
A black car on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by several vehicles
A white car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by several vehicles, and a black car on the left is driving towards the right road
A red car on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a car, and a car on the right is driving to the left road
Several vehicles on the right are driving to the left road, a white car on the left is driving on the right road, a black car is following closely, and another black car on the right is driving to the left Highway driving
A black car on the right was driving towards the left road. A silver car stopped in the second lane and then continued driving. Several vehicles passed the road.
A black car on the right drove towards the road on the left, followed by several vehicles.
Two vehicles on the left drove to the right road, and then a black car quickly chased the front vehicle
A white car on the left is driving towards the right road. A silver car on the right stops in the second lane and then continues driving.
A black car on the right is driving towards the left road, and a black car on the left is driving towards the right road
A gray car on the left is driving towards the right road, a white car on the right is driving towards the left road, a car is following closely behind, and pedestrians on the upper sidewalk are heading towards go left
A black car stopped in the second lane of the left road and then drove away from the camera
A silver jeep on the left is driving on the right road, followed by several vehicles, a white pickup truck on the right is driving on the left road, and a black car is driving on the left Driving on square highway
Passers-by on the upper sidewalk walk down, and then leave the camera. A silver van drives on the left road to the right road, followed by a car.
A black car on the right quickly drove to the left road, a silver car on the left drove to the right road, and a black car on the right drove to the left road
A black car is driving on the right road to the left road, followed by a red sports car
A silver van on the left is driving on the right road, a black car on the right is driving on the left road, a white car on the left is driving on the right road, several Vehicles passing by the road
A black car on the left is driving to the right road, and a black car on the right is driving to the left road
A pink car on the left is driving towards the right road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A car on the right is driving on the left road, an electric car is driving on the left road, and a black car is driving on the left road
A car on the left is driving to the right road, and a black car is driving to the right road.
A black car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a car
A white car on the right is driving to the left road, a black car on the left is driving to the right road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A black car drove to the right road on the left road, and another black car drove to the left road
An electric vehicle on the right is driving towards the road on the left, followed by a car
A black car on the left is driving towards the right road, followed by another car.
Several pedestrians on the lower sidewalk walked to the left. A red car on the left drove quickly to the right road. A black car on the right stopped in the second lane and then drove off camera
A car on the right is driving towards the road on the left, followed by a car, and several vehicles passing by the road
A black car is driving on the right road to the left road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A silver car on the right road is driving on the right road, a silver car on the left is driving on the right road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A white jeep on the left road drives to the right road, a black car on the right drives to the left road, and several vehicles pass by the road
A white jeep on the left is driving to the right road, followed by a car. A white car is driving on the right road to the left road. A car is on the right road. Parked next to the sidewalk, several vehicles passed by the road
A black jeep on the left is driving to the right road, and a silver car on the right is driving to the left road
Two pedestrians on the lower sidewalk are walking to the right. A silver car on the left is driving on the right road, followed by a car.
A pedestrian walking on the lower sidewalk leading a dog to the right, followed by several people
A black car is driving on the right road to the left road, and several vehicles are passing by.
A car next to the upper sidewalk is driving to the left, a pedestrian is walking to the right on the lower sidewalk, several vehicles are passing by the highway, and another pedestrian is walking to the right.
A car on the left is driving to the right road, a black car is driving to the right road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A car on the left is driving towards the road on the right, followed by two cars, and several vehicles passing by the road
A car on the right road drove to the left road, followed by a vehicle.
A motorcycle on the left is driving towards the road on the right, followed by a car, and several vehicles passing by the road
A car is driving on the right road to the left road, followed by several vehicles
A white car on the right is driving on the left road, and a black car on the left is driving on the right road
A black car on the left is driving to the right road, a car on the right is driving to the left road, and two people are walking left on the sidewalk below
A black car on the right stopped at the intersection on the left and then continued driving.
2 cars on the right and a police car passing by the road on the left
A car on the right drove to the second lane on the left road and stopped and continued driving.
Two pedestrians on the lower sidewalk are walking to the right
Several cars on the right are driving to the left lane.
A jeep stops briefly at the intersection and then drives away from the camera
A black car on the right is driving to the left road, a car on the left is driving to the right road, and a pickup truck is following closely behind
A car on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road and then continued driving. Several vehicles followed closely behind. A car on the left drove towards the right road. Several vehicles passing by road
A car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a jeep, a car on the left is driving quickly towards the right road, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A white car on the left is driving to the right road, a car on the right is driving to the left road, a silver car is continuing to drive after a brief stop in the second lane, several Vehicles passing by the road
A small truck on the left was driving towards the right road. A silver car on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road and then continued driving. During this period, several vehicles passed the road.
A car on the right stopped at the intersection of the highway on the left, and then drove away from the camera. The vehicle behind it followed closely, and a black car on the left quickly drove to the right. Highway, a passerby is walking to the left on the lower sidewalk with his dog.
A white truck on the left is driving on the right road, a white car on the right is driving on the left road, a minivan then drives on the left road, and several vehicles pass by highway
A silver car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a police car, followed by several vehicles passing by the road, and a black car on the left is driving towards the right road
A car on the right is driving towards the left road, and two pedestrians on the lower sidewalk are walking to the left
A white car on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road and then continued driving. Several vehicles passed the road.
A police car, a car, another police car on the left, and a gray car driving towards the road on the right
A white car on the left is driving towards the road on the right
A black truck is driving towards the right road
A car on the right stopped at the intersection of the highway on the left, and then continued driving. During this period, several vehicles passed the highway.
A car on the right stopped in the second lane of the left road, and then continued driving on the left road
Several vehicles passing by the road
In front of the dining table of a restaurant, a female employee was scooping vegetables out of the right window. After finishing, she closed the window door and covered the lunch box.
Female employee took the POS machine from the counter
The female employee opened the left window door and continued to scoop vegetables into the lunch box
The female employee brought a new lunch box, continued to scoop vegetables, and then closed the window door.
The female employee tore off some roll paper, wrapped the lunch box, tore off the receipt from the POS machine and then turned around
The female employee walked to the right side of the dining table and started working, opened the refrigerator and took out the drinks, and then put the POS machine back to its original position.
Female employee packs lunch boxes and drinks and hands them to customers
Female employee talking to customer
The female employee tore off the receipt from the POS machine, turned around and walked towards the edge of the camera,
The female employee turned back to the dining table, put the cup on the dining table, and then left the camera
Female employee appeared, opened the cabinet door and squatted down to look for something, then stood up and left the camera
There are three customers talking behind the dining table.
The female employee in blue came to the dining table, talked with a customer, opened the window door,
The female employee in white carries the food to the dining table, and then pours the food into the food.
Female employee in blue is packing food
Female employee in blue is standing at the left window waiting
Employees in white squeeze the bottles on the table towards the items in their hands.
The female employee in blue loaded the food at the left window, then packed the lunch box to the dining table, packed it in a bag and handed it to the customer.
Female employee in white is packing food in her hands
The employee in blue opened the refrigerator and talked to the customer, then took out a bottle of drink and put it on the counter
The female employee in white packed the food in bags and then closed the window door
The employee in blue talks to the customer and hands the food and note to the customer.
The female employee in white took out the packaging box and then talked with the customer. After finishing, she left the camera.
Employees in blue removed the empty boxes from the window
Employees in white brought food boxes and put them in the window.
Employees in white scoop vegetables into the packaging box,
The employee in blue picked up the packing box and waited aside.
Female employee in blue scoops vegetables into the packaging box,
Female employee in blue is waiting aside,
Female employee in blue scoops vegetables into the packaging box,
The female employee in white puts the lunch box on the dining table to pack it, takes out the drink from the refrigerator and then goes behind the camera
The female employee in white returned to the dining table to pack the food, then handed it to the customer to collect the money, and continued to prepare in the back.
The employee in blue packed the food, put the POS machine back on the dining table and then put the food on the dining table
The female employee in white puts the food into the packaging box.
The female employee in white took another packing box and continued to pack food.
The female employee in white took another packing box and continued to pack food.
The female employee in white opened one of the packaging boxes and continued to pack food.
Employee in blue leaves the camera
Employee in blue appeared, tore off the receipt and turned around to leave
The female employee in white tore off the roll paper packaging, put it on the dining table, and continued to work in the back
The female employee in white returned to the food counter and talked with the customer.
The female employee in white took out the lunch box to fill the food, while constantly communicating with the customers,
The female employee in white put the dishes in roll paper and then put them on the dining table
Female employees in white go to the rear to work,
The female employee in white returned to the dining table, put the lunch box into the bag, packed the bag and handed it to the customer
The female employee in white took the cash from the customer and went to the back to make change.
The female employee in white returned to the food counter again and gave the customer change.
The female employee in white continues to take out her lunch box to eat
The female employee in white took out a small bag and stuffed the cake into the bag.
The female employee in white continues to serve rice,
The female employee in white packed the dishes with roll paper and placed them in front of the dining table.
Female employee in white returns to work in the rear
The female employee in white returned to the dining table, put the food into the bag, packaged it and handed it to the customer
The female employee in white came to the dining table to talk to a new customer.
The female employee in white took out the packing box and filled it with rice.
The female employee in white put the cake into the small bag she took out, closed the window door,
Female employee in white puts the packaged food on the dining table
Female employee in white returns to work in the rear
The female employee in white returned to the dining table, put a series of items from the lunch box into the bag, and handed the food to the customer.
The female employee in white accepted the money and turned around to find change.
The female employee in white returned to the food counter to make change. After the customer left, the female employee left the camera.
A customer came to the store. The female employee in white came up to talk to him, and then wiped her mouth with paper.
The female employee in white took out the lunch box, put the cakes into a small bag, and then served the rice
After finishing, the female employee in white covered the lunch box, packed it with rolling paper, then placed it on the dining table and packed it in a bag.
The female employee in white received the change, handed the food to the customer, and returned to the back to make change.
The female clerk then handed the change to the customer,
The female employee in white continues to take out the lunch box and fill the meal.
The female employee in white took out a small bag, talked to the customer and then put the small bag down.
The female employee in white packed the lunch box with rolling paper and then went to the dining counter
The female employee in white packed the food in a bag and handed it to the plate.
The female employee in white accepted the customers money and then went to the rear to settle the bill
A customer came to the dining table, and the female clerk returned to the dining table to talk.
The female employee in white took down the lunch box, squatted down, opened the cabinet, took out the big cake and went to the back
The female clerk came to the dining table with the big cake, then opened the window door and put the contents on the big cake.
Then the female clerk squeezed the sauce from the bottle,
The female clerk brought the pie back to the dining table and wrapped it up
The female clerk wrapped the cake and put it in the lunch box and put it on the dining table.
The female clerk put the cakes in a small bag.
The female clerk took the bag to the back
The female clerk puts the packaged food on the dining table, puts it in a bag, and then puts it on the dinner plate.
The female clerk accepted the customer's money, the customer took away the food, and then the clerk walked to the back
A customer came to the dining table and handed the paper to the female clerk.
The female clerk took the paper and read it carefully. The customer talked with the female clerk.
The clerk returned the note to the customer, another customer arrived at the restaurant, and then the two left
The clerk looked into the restaurant,
A customer came forward to talk to the clerk, and then took away the packaged food on the table.
The female clerk asked a colleague to confirm
Then the female clerk took the transparent bag and poured out the lunch box.
The clerk in blue went to the front of the dining table, followed closely by the clerk in white
Three people were talking in the restaurant,
The clerk in blue returns to the dining table and leaves the camera
Then the female clerk in white returned to the dining table, and the customer came to the dining table.
The clerk in blue is walking back and forth in the back,
The female clerk placed the lunch box on the dining table and then returned to the back
The clerk in blue is walking back and forth in the back,
The female clerk walked into the camera and picked up her mobile phone to check,
The female clerk put her hand on the dining table and made a call
There were several cars parked in a parking lot. The red car got out and a man in black walked inside. A silver car passed by in the driveway and the man in black left the camera.
A tricycle on the upper right goes left, then goes up, and then continues to the left
A red car is driving to the left
At the bottom of the camera, a man in black enters a black car, and a truck in the distance drives toward the parking lot.
The black car reversed, then turned around and drove upwards. It was pinned by the truck. A man in white walked to the left, and then the two cars avoided each other and left the camera.
A man in white got out of the truck and then walked down and left the camera.
The camera zooms to an open area, then looks to the right, and a car is driving to the left
A black car drives to the left and quickly leaves the camera, and then the camera focuses on the sign on the tree
Then the lens returned to the original state and continued to focus on the sign on the tree. Repeatedly, and then the lens returned to the parking lot again.
The camera swings downwards. A man in white and a woman in white enter a white car. A black car drives left on the road.
Then the white car reversed, turned around and drove to the left. A white car above drove left to the intersection.
There are many vehicles driving on a road
A truck with a white front and a blue cargo box passes by on the right
White large truck passing by
A truck with a white front and a red compartment passes by
The yellow double-decker bus passes by
The red bus passes upwards
Busses with various colors on the body drive upwards
Video zoom, video reset
Blue bus passing by
The red and silver passenger bus passes upwards
The blue bus passes upwards
The red bus passes by
The video starts to zoom. There is a red sign, a road sign, and a black car in the screen. The video is restored.
A golden bus passes upwards
A yellow bus is driving in the left lane
A white bus is driving in the left lane
A truck pulling white things passed by on the right
Orange bus passes upwards
A truck with a white front and blue compartment is coming from the right lane.
A large green truck passed by in the left lane, and a red passenger car passed by in the right lane
A golden bus passed by in the left lane
A white box truck passed by in the right lane
A silver bus passed by in the left lane
Video zoom, the left lane passes a white bus and a red truck
A golden bus passed by in the right lane
The right lane passed a silver bus, a blue truck and a white truck
The video rotates to the left and stops on an overpass
The video rotates to the left and zooms, a red and yellow bus drives by
A blue box truck passed by in the left lane, and a white box truck passed by in the right lane
A blue box truck passed by in the right lane
A large truck with a white front and black body passed by on the right
A yellow-green bus passes on the right
A tanker truck with a white front drove past on the left
An orange truck passed by in the left lane, and a large white truck passed by in the right lane.
An ambulance, a large black truck, two small trucks passed by in the left lane, and a white box truck passed by on the right
A white and green passenger car passes by on the left and a truck passes by on the right lane.
There were several customers eating in a restaurant. A long-haired female customer above walked down. After meeting a female customer, the two walked up. During this period, two customers were with them. peers
A customer below is walking upwards carrying a bag, several customers are walking opposite to him, and then customers carrying bags are also walking downwards
A braided female customer below is walking upwards holding a plate, followed by two customers. A female customer above is blocked by two customers, and then the three of them walk towards the bottom of the camera
A long-haired female customer below walks upwards. A waiter appears at the corner to talk to the customer, then picks up something and walks downwards
The camera focuses on two customers eating. The customer carrying a bag next to the man in white walks up, and then jumps to several customers walking down.
The man in white picked up the cup and drank, then played with his mobile phone. A customer walked down
On a road, the camera turns to the corner road, then turns again, and then focuses
Two passers-by are talking in front of the car, several people are in the camera, the camera is lifted up, a tricycle is driving down, and then the camera focuses on the garbage bag
The camera continues to move upward to a woman in red,
The camera turned to the right, several pedestrians were walking down, and the camera focused on a man.
The camera shifts to a truck, then the camera expands, and the truck is driving downwards
There are two men in a room, one is reading a book and the other is talking to him
The man reading was flipping through the book in his hand. The man next to him leaned on the back of the chair, then left the back of the chair to talk to the man reading. After reading the man, the man opened the drawer and put the book in, and picked up the game console in his hand.
The two people opened a drawer on the side and took out items to study and talk. Then the man in plaid clothes closed the drawer.
The man in white closed the drawer. The two of them played with the items in their hands and looked down attentively. The man in white leaned against the back of the chair.
The man in white opened the drawer, took out something and put it on the ground, and then the two continued to play games with the game controller.
The man in plaid clothes moved the chair closer to the bottom, and then the two continued to play the game with the game controller
The man in plaid clothes talked to the man in white clothes and pointed downwards. The two continued to play games with the game controller. Then the man in plaid clothes opened the drawer and the two looked down.
The two continued to talk, and then looked down. The man in plaid took something out of the drawer and threw it to the man in white. After the two talked, they continued to play games with the game controller.
The man in plaid clothes took the object from the man in white clothes and played with it, then returned it to the man in white clothes. The two continued to play games with the game controller, and then the man in plaid clothes extended his hand to the man in white clothes and then Withdraw
The man in white stretched out his hand to touch his face, then put down the object in his hand and picked it up again. The two continued to play games with the game controller.
A woman was cleaning outside the door. The two continued to play games with game controllers, and then the woman left the camera.
Someone walked by outside the door. The two men were still playing games with game controllers and looked outside the door from time to time.
The two men left the back of the chair and looked down together, intently. During this period, someone walked by outside the door, and the man in white pulled the chair closer to the bottom.
The two started talking, and someone walked by outside the door. Then the man in white leaned back on the chair and stretched. The man in white stood up and then sat down.
The two continued to play, and someone walked by outside the door. The two talked while playing, and the man in plaid turned to look outside the door.
The man in white took out his mobile phone to answer the call, while the man in plaid continued to play games with the game controller.
The man in white was on the phone while looking through items. The man in plaid was watching from the side. During this period, someone passed by the door.
The man in white put down his mobile phone, and the two continued to play games with the game controller. The man in white continued to play games with the game controller after rummaging for things.
The man in white rummaged for something and put it down. The two continued to play games with the game controller. The two continued to rummage in the drawer, then closed the drawer and opened the lower drawer to rummage. Then close the drawer
After the two talked, they stood up. The man in white put his bag on his back and opened the door and left, followed closely by the man in plaid.
There are several people working in an office
The female staff member on the left side of the camera waved to the left. A woman came to the stage. The two women said hello and sat down.
The female staff put on headphones and talked with the woman, and the woman handed the note to the female staff
The female staff member took off her headphones after confirmation, and a man entered the camera
On a highway, a black car drove upwards and stopped at the intersection. A man on the right ran down,
A white car on the right is driving towards the road below, a black car is driving to the right, and several vehicles are passing by the road
A black car on the right turns left onto the road and walks below the camera
A black car on the right is driving towards the road on the left
A silver car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a silver car, and a car on the right is driving towards the left road
A black car on the right turned into the road and drove down. Several vehicles passed the road.
A white car below drives up and turns right on the road. A silver car follows closely behind. During this period, several vehicles pass by the road.
A truck on the left is driving towards the right road. Several vehicles pass by the road. Two pedestrians hold umbrellas and walk from the right to the left.
A silver car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by a car, and several vehicles passing by the road
A silver truck on the left is driving to the left road, a white car on the right is driving on the left road, and a gray car is below, driving on the right
A car on the right is driving towards the road on the left. Several vehicles are passing by the road. A silver car on the right is driving onto the road, turning left and heading down the road.
A red car below drives upwards and then turns right onto the road. A silver car on the right drives towards the left road.
White and blue vehicles on the left and right pass each other. A black car on the right is driving towards the left road. Several vehicles pass by the road. A black car turns onto the road and drives down.
A blue car on the left is driving towards the road on the right
On a road, a man in white and a white car set off to the right at the same time. Then the man left the camera, the white car parked in the parking area, and a car passed by the road
The camera turns to dark night, a man walks from the left to the right and then leaves the camera
A pedestrian on the right walks to the left, and a car drives on the road to the left
A white car on the right is driving towards the left road, and a bald man on the right is walking towards the left
People coming and going on a road
A white truck is driving upwards and three white cars are driving downwards
A black car is driving downwards, and a silver car is driving upwards
A truck is driving down, followed by a silver car following closely behind
A black car drives down, followed by a white car
Several vehicles passed by the road, a man untied the rope from the motorcycle, and then left the camera
The man rode a motorcycle and drove to the right, then drove away from the camera
A man stands on the right side of the camera, then turns away from the camera
Several motorcycles passed by the road, a car entered the camera, then reversed, and several pedestrians and vehicles passed by the road
A man in white walked across the road, and several pedestrians passed by
A man with a bag walks past the camera. A man in plaid clothes on the right stays in the camera. A man in white clothes passes by him. Then the man in plaid clothes leaves the camera. Several vehicles pass by the road.
A motorcycle entered the road on the right, followed by another motorcycle, and several vehicles passed the road.
A man in white appears on the right side of the camera talking to someone, then puts the object in his hand into his mouth and touches his buttocks
A small truck carrying several people stopped on the road and then left the camera
The man in white continues to talk to people. A truck passes by the highway. Several pedestrians pass by the highway. One person comes to talk. The man in white leaves the camera.
A small truck parked in the camera, several people unloaded the goods and took money, and then the truck drove away from the camera
Another electric three-wheeler came into view of the camera. After parking, a man in white came forward with an oil gun to refuel. After the man in white left, the electric three-wheeler left the camera.
A man in gray appears on the right side of the camera. After exchanging coins with the man in white, he sits down. During this period, several pedestrians pass by the road. The man in gray gets up and leaves the camera.
Several pedestrians and vehicles passing by the road
A motorcycle drove from below to the right road,
The man in gray sat back to his original position
A large motorcycle drove from the right to the left on the road, and the man in gray sat there motionless.
A motorcycle below drives up and enters the road on the right, a black motorcycle enters the road below from the right, and several vehicles pass by the road
The man in gray is still motionless. Several pedestrians pass by the road, and several vehicles pass by. One motorcycle goes down and the other goes to the right.
A man in white appeared from below, then sat next to the man in gray, and the two talked.
A man in white is sitting on the seat above the camera. Several vehicles and pedestrians pass by the road. Next to the man in gray, the man in white gets up and leaves the camera.
A motorcycle stopped in the camera below. The man in white came to the man in gray. After the man in gray handed the money to the man in white, the man in white left.
Several more people came to the man in gray, and the man in gray took out the oil gun to refuel them.
The man in white came back and sat in his original position, stopped the motorcycle and drove away from the camera
After refueling, the man in gray left. After paying the money, the two people rode away on their motorcycles. The man in white got up, looked into the distance and then left the camera.
A motorcycle is driving down on the right, and the man in gray and the man in white get up.
After the two talked, the man in gray sat down, and the man in white sat down. A white car below and a car on the right walked opposite each other, and then they all left the camera.
The man in white stood up and then sat back to his original position
The man in white got up and walked to the left
The man in gray got up and then left the camera
A car on the left is driving towards the road on the right
A pedestrian on the right walks to the left, a motorcycle below drives to the right, and the man in gray returns to the camera
Then the man in gray clothes left the camera. The man in white clothes rode a big three-wheeler. The man in plaid clothes stepped forward to check and then left.
The man in gray clothes refueled the car. After refueling, the man in gray clothes left the camera. The man in white clothes gave the money to the man in gray clothes and then left.
Several pedestrians pass by the road, a man above walks down, a woman in blue walks up, a man in white appears at the camera, several vehicles pass by the road
The man in white wipes his face with his hands, then leaves the camera, the man in gray enters the camera, and then sits down
The man in white rode a motorcycle and stopped in front of the man in gray. He took out the oil barrel and put it on the ground, ready to take the money. The man in gray was ready to refuel.
A train passes by
A woman above walks towards the bottom. A car passes by the road. The woman stops briefly and then walks across the road.
A woman pushing a stroller stopped on the sidewalk below, and two women on the right walked to the right
The woman walked upward, and several people and vehicles passed by the road
The train passes by the camera and several vehicles pass by the road
A car on the right is driving towards the left road, followed by several vehicles
A man in red on the lower left is walking towards the road above. A man in striped clothes rides in the same direction as him, and several people are walking opposite him.
A woman in red walks downwards, a woman in green runs toward the road above, and a man in black walks upwards,
Several vehicles and pedestrians passing by the road
Several pedestrians walk from above to the road below
Several people are walking towards the road below, and several vehicles are driving below
Three women are walking from above to the road below. A silver car is driving to the left road, followed by several vehicles. The train enters the camera field of view and then leaves.
Three women leave the camera's field of view, a red truck on the right drives toward the left road, and a woman stops on the sidewalk
Several vehicles passed by the road, and a man in black walked up and stopped beside the woman.
Several vehicles stopped at the intersection, and several pedestrians came and went passing the highway
On a highway, several pedestrians pass by.
Then the camera looks down, two passers-by walk down, and a black car reverses into the parking area
The camera continues to change. Three cars stopped in the parking area. A man entered the white vehicle. A man set up a roadblock. The camera began to change.
A car is turning, several passers-by are walking upward, and the camera continues to change
A man and a woman walk down, then the camera expands to cover the entire road
The camera continues to turn to the housing area, zooms to a house with yellow walls, then recovers and turns to another road
The camera focused on the tower, then on the building next to it, and then on the road again
Several vehicles are parked on the road, some pedestrians are walking back and forth, and a red car on the left is driving towards the road on the right
The camera changes, several people are walking down, the camera turns again, four cars are parked in the parking area
Several men were talking around the car, several vehicles passed by the road, and then the camera turned
Several vehicles driving on the road
Several vehicles drove down on the highway, and then the camera turned to the group of cars on the other side
Several vehicles on the left drive to the right road, then turn to the road ahead, the camera moves up
Then the camera returns to the group of cars. Two women walk to the left and leave the group of cars. The camera turns to the side of the building and several vehicles are driving forward.
The camera zooms to the traffic light, then turns to the group of cars on the left, several vehicles drive upward, and then the camera zooms in on the field of view
The camera zooms to the group of cars, the vehicles move forward, and then the camera zooms in on the field of view
The camera turns to the group of cars on the rear side, then moves the field of view, zooms in on the road on the right, and a man in white walks to the right
The camera is locked on a building, several people are moving next to the building, and the camera returns to the rear view of the road
The camera zooms to the car group, the car group is driving downwards, then the camera moves up to the billboard, and then zooms in the field of view
The camera shook left and right, and then focused on the building. The camera looked to the right towards the group of cars, and then locked on the traffic light.
The camera moves to see the crowds and cars, and then the camera zooms in.
Next to a highway, several people are talking, and several vehicles pass by on the highway
The man in red walks to the right and leaves the camera. The other people continue to talk. The man in white rides on his motorcycle and drives down.
Several people continued to talk next to the highway, and a man in yellow walked down
The man in green walks down, the man in shirt enters the building, leaving only the man in black standing there
Several vehicles passed by on the highway, a man in white walked upwards, and several cyclists drove downwards
Several vehicles passing by the road
The man in black scratched his head, and then stopped at the fence. The man in black paced back and forth.
The man in black stood there
Two men below walk towards the road above
A silver car drove across the road, followed by several vehicles
A van drives to the left road, followed by a car
The man in black moved the chair and sat down
A red bus on the right is driving towards the road on the left
A man in white below is walking upwards
Several vehicles above are driving downwards, and several vehicles are driving toward the road below.
Several vehicles drove downwards, and a man walked up to the man in black and talked to him
The two talked, and then the man opened his arms and put them down. The man walked down, took out his mobile phone and sat down next to the man in black.
A pedestrian above is walking towards the road below, and two people are watching the road
A motorcycle above drives towards the road below, followed by two cars.
The man stood up and approached the building. Only the man in black was left.
A motorcycle drove towards the road below, the man in black turned around and then lowered his head
Two motorcycles were driving towards the road below. A man in white rode towards the idea road, followed by several vehicles.
A man in white above walks towards the road below. The man in black gets up and paces back and forth.
The man in black scratched his head and then entered the building
Several vehicles passed by the road. The man in black came out of the building, looked at the road, and then walked to the side of the road to show off his skills.
The man in black put his hands in his pockets. A car was driving towards the road below. The man in black turned his back and looked at the road below, and then walked to the fence.
The man in black looked towards the road above, then walked to the outside of the fence
A bus is driving down the road, and a passerby above is walking down.
The man comes out of the building to the man in black. The two talk. The door on the right side of the camera opens. The man in the shirt splashes water into the grass, then leaves the camera and the door is closed.
The man next to the man in black was on the phone. The man in black stood there and looked into the distance. The two began to talk. The man in black held his hand on the fence.
The two continued to talk. A man below was riding on the road above. Then the man entered the building and several vehicles passed by the road.
The man in black stood there, a car drove from above to the road below, the man in black walked into the building, and then the man walked out and left the camera
The man in black enters the building,
The man in black comes out of the building
The man in black arranges his clothes facing the building
A car drives into the right side of the screen on a highway.
There is a car driving from the right side of the screen to the left side of the screen.
There are cars passing by the screen one after another.
There are many cars parked in a parking lot, and the camera is shooting at the entrance of a store.
A man appears in the lower right corner of the screen holding a child and walks into a car in the center of the screen, and then a woman appears in the lower right corner of the screen walking towards the depth of the screen.
There are cars passing by one after another on the screen.
A black Jeep drove into the parking lot on the left side of the screen, and then the white one parked next to the black car.
A woman came out of the black jeep and walked out of the screen.
The black man walked from the upper side of the screen to the lower side of the screen and left the screen.
The black car parked in the parking lot, and the red car drove across the screen.
Two people got out of the black car in the center of the screen and walked towards the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in black walks from the center of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
There are vehicles passing through the screen one after another.
A black vehicle appears on the left side of the screen and drives to the right side of the screen.
A man in white appears in the lower left corner of the screen, followed by two children towards the upper right corner of the screen.
Two people appear in the lower left corner of the screen and walk to the white car in the center of the screen to open the door.
A black car drives into the right side of the screen and stops in the center of the screen.
A man got out of the black car and walked towards the bottom of the screen.
The man in blue in the upper left corner of the screen walks towards the lower left corner of the screen and then leaves.
The red car in the center of the screen leaves the parking lot and drives to the upper left corner of the screen.
The woman in pink in the lower left corner of the screen walks to the white car and opens the door.
The white car drove out of the parking lot and headed towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A man in black appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the upper right corner of the screen to leave.
The black vehicle in the center of the screen leaves the parking lot and drives to the right side of the screen.
A succession of vehicles passed by and then left the screen.
Two people appear in the lower left corner of the screen walking towards the black car in the center of the screen.
The black car leaves the screen, and another black car enters the screen.
The man in red walks from the center of the screen to the lower left corner of the screen.
Two women in white appear on the lower right side of the screen and walk towards the upper right corner of the screen.
A black pickup truck appears in the center of the screen and then leaves.
Vehicles are leaving the screen one after another.
The white car enters the right side of the screen, drives to the upper side of the screen, and then leaves.
The man in blue in the lower left corner of the screen walks towards the upper left corner of the screen.
Vehicles are passing through the screen one after another, from the upper side of the screen to the left side of the screen.
A white off-road vehicle appears on the upper side of the screen and drives towards the lower right side of the screen.
Three people appeared in the upper left corner of the screen and walked towards the lower left corner of the screen.
The woman in white in the lower left corner of the screen walks to the black car, opens the door and enters the vehicle.
The black car drove out of the parking lot and exited from the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman in white appears in the lower left corner of the screen, walking towards the jeep, opening the door and entering.
The jeep leaves the parking lot and drives towards the top of the screen, then leaves the screen.
A brown car drove into the parking lot and then stopped in the center of the screen.
The umbrella-holding girl on the right side of the screen walks towards the black car in the center of the screen, opens the door and enters.
The black car drove out of the parking lot and left from the right side of the screen.
A white car drives into the upper side of the screen and stops in the center of the screen.
Two people got off the white car and walked towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A white vehicle entered the parking lot from the right side of the screen and then stopped.
The vehicles on the screen passed by one after another and then left.
A man walked out of the lower left corner of the screen, walked to the brown car with something, then opened the door and entered.
A white car drove into the screen and parked in the parking lot. The man got out and walked towards the lower left corner of the screen.
A black pickup truck drives into the parking lot at the top of the screen.
The black pickup truck comes down and the man in green walks to the upper left corner of the screen and leaves.
The white car in the center of the screen drove out of the parking lot and left the top of the screen.
The screen passes a red car, from the top of the screen to the right side of the screen.
In a store, a woman is looking for something in the upper left corner of the screen.
The woman walked to the center of the screen and looked around for something.
There are many cars in a parking lot.
There are cars passing by on the highway in the distance.
A white pickup truck drives into the right side of the screen.
The white pickup truck is parked in the middle of the parking lot.
A man in white stepped out of the white pickup truck, and the man walked to the right side of the screen.
There are cars passing by on the road on the upper side of the screen.
A truck is passing by on the avenue on the upper side of the screen.
The black car in the lower left corner of the screen reverses towards the center of the screen.
The black car reverses out of the screen and leaves from the right side of the screen.
Cars coming and going on the side road on the screen.
A man in white appears in the lower right corner of the screen and walks towards the upper right corner of the screen.
A black vehicle appears on the right side of the screen and drives into the parking lot.
The black car is parked in the upper right corner of the screen, on the outermost side of the parking lot.
Vehicles come and go on the road on the right side of the screen.
A woman appears in the upper right corner of the screen and walks towards the lower right corner of the screen, then disappears from the right side of the screen.
A man in blue appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the upper left corner of the screen.
Two men appear at the bottom of the screen walking towards the white car at the top of the screen.
Two people got into the white car and prepared to leave the parking lot.
The white car leaves the parking lot from the right side of the screen. The black car on the left side of the screen is reversing to the right side of the screen.
The black car on the right side of the screen is driving to the right side of the screen, preparing to drive out of the parking lot.
Cars are passing by on the road on the upper side of the screen.
A man on a bicycle appears on the left side of the screen, drives to the right side of the screen, and then leaves.
A man in orange appears in the lower left corner of the screen and walks into the screen.
The man in orange walks towards the silver-white car on the upper side of the screen.
Two men on the right side of the screen appear in the screen, walking towards the black car on the upper side of the screen.
The man in orange walked to the bottom of the screen and then left the screen.
Two men appear on the lower right side of the screen and enter the screen, moving towards the top of the screen.
The black jeep turned half a circle and left the right side of the screen.
Two men got into the white car at the top of the screen.
The white car drives out of the screen, and a man in black appears on the left side of the screen walking towards the center of the screen.
The man in black walks out of the screen from the right side of the screen.
Vehicles are coming and going on the road on the upper side of the screen.
There are cars passing by on the road on the right and upper side of the screen.
The sunlight in the picture becomes stronger, and there are more cars on the right side of the picture.
The man in gray at the bottom of the screen walks into the screen and moves to the upper left corner of the screen
Vehicles are coming and going on the road on the right side of the screen.
The man in gray in the upper left corner of the screen walks into the screen and walks towards the bottom of the screen.
A man in gray clothes appears at the bottom of the screen, carrying a green bag, walking towards the upper left corner of the screen.
Vehicles are coming and going on the road on the right side of the screen.
A man in green clothes on a bicycle appears on the right side of the screen and moves to the left side of the screen.
A man in white appears at the bottom of the screen walking towards the pickup truck in the center of the screen.
The white pickup truck in the center of the screen leaves from the right side of the screen.
There are cars passing by on the road on the right side of the screen.
The black car on the road on the right side of the screen turns to the road at the top of the screen.
Cars are coming and going on the road on the right side of the screen.
There is a white car parked on the side of the screen and a black car on the side.
A bus passes by on the right side of the screen.
A taxi passes by on the right side of the screen and drives to the right side of the screen.
A black car on the top of the screen turns to the road on the right side of the screen, and then leaves the screen.
A black dog walker appears on the right side of the screen, appears from the right side of the screen, and walks towards the upper right corner of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by on the right side of the screen.
A tanker truck appears in the upper right corner of the screen and drives to the left side of the screen.
A black car appears in the upper right corner of the screen and drives towards the left side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by on the right side of the screen.
The gray car on the upper side of the screen turns to the road on the right side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by on the right side of the screen.
There is a traffic jam on the road at the top of the screen, and it is blocked on the road.
A black car appears on the upper side of the screen waiting for the traffic light.
There are vehicles passing by one after another on the upper side of the screen.
There is a gray truck passing by the screen.
There are vehicles passing by one after another on the upper side of the screen.
A person appears on the left side of the screen and walks towards the center of the screen.
The person in the center of the screen moves to the right side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
In an open-air backyard, a girl is sitting on a chair on the left side of the screen.
A man in black appears in the lower right corner of the screen and walks towards the little girl, and the little girl also goes to greet the man in black.
The man in black walked to the camera to adjust the camera.
A man in white appears on the right side of the screen standing next to the man in black.
The man in white climbed up the ladder and stood in front of the camera, swinging from side to side.
In an indoor shopping mall, some people left the mall.
The man in blue held the door for those people. After everyone left, the man in blue walked to the lower side of the screen and left the screen.
A woman in purple appears on the lower side of the screen and leaves from the upper side of the screen, and a man in sunglasses appears on the upper side of the screen and leaves from the lower side of the screen.
The man in the hat and the woman in blue pants enter the screen from the upper side and walk to the counter.
The man in black walks in from the top of the screen. Then leave to the lower left corner of the screen.
Two women appear on the upper side of the screen walking towards the counter.
The two women communicated with the woman at the counter and looked around.
A woman in white appears on the upper side of the screen and then leaves from the bottom of the screen.
The picture of the woman in black goes to the lower side of the screen.
The man in blue in the lower right corner of the screen is sorting things on the counter.
On a street, a woman in black got off the car and walked to the pillar in the center of the screen.
A woman in white appears on the left side of the screen and walks to the woman in black to discuss together.
The woman in white left the black pillar and walked towards the car. The woman in black looked at the woman in white.
A truck is reversing to the center of the screen.
The man in the center of the screen walks to the left side of the screen and then leaves.
A silver car passes through the screen and leaves from the right side of the screen.
The man in black on the left side of the screen walks into the screen and then leaves from the bottom of the screen.
The man in red walks from the lower side of the screen to the upper left corner of the screen and then leaves.
A man in black appears on the left side of the screen and walks to the right side of the screen and then leaves.
The silver-white car passes through the screen, from the right side of the screen to the left side of the screen.
The black car passes through the screen, from the right side of the screen to the left side of the screen.
The silver-white car passes through the screen, from the left side of the screen to the right side of the screen.
The black car on the left side of the screen is parked in the yard, and there is a silver-white car next to it.
A woman got out of the black car and walked towards the lower right corner of the screen.
The old man and the woman in blue were communicating in front of a supermarket counter.
A truck appears on the left side of the screen and stops in the center of the screen and then leaves from the left side of the screen.
The black car adjusts its position and stops on the right side of the screen.
A white jeep appears on the right side of the screen and enters the screen and then leaves.
In front of a shop, a man in a blue hat appears on the lower side of the screen and walks towards the counter on the right to pack things.
The man in the blue hat handed the thing to the woman standing at the counter on the left.
The man in the blue hat walked to the counter to sort things, and then gave things to the woman outside the counter.
In a store, a woman was sorting things in front of a counter.
The two men in green watched the woman leave the screen.
A bus stopped next to the station.
People get on the bus, and the bus leaves the screen from the right side of the screen.
The brown car drove from the upper side of the screen to the crosswalk at the bottom of the screen. A man got off and walked to the left side of the screen and then left.
Another person got off the brown car at the bottom of the screen, walked towards the station, and then moved to the top of the screen.
There are two black cars driving from the upper side of the screen to the lower side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by on the road on the right side of the screen.
A black car drove out of the small road on the left side of the screen and drove to the main road on the right.
The black car on the left side of the screen turns to the road on the right side of the screen, moves to the right side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
Two women appear in the lower left corner of the screen and move towards the top of the screen.
A woman in black appears on the left side of the screen holding something and walking towards the upper side of the screen.
A gray vehicle drove out of the small road on the left side of the screen and drove towards the road on the right side of the screen.
A man on the upper left side of the screen walks towards the upper side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
On the right side of the screen, a man in black crosses the road and walks towards the coffee cart.
The man in black leaves the lower side of the screen.
Vehicles are passing by on the road on the right side of the screen, and a man in black appears at the bottom of the screen standing next to a brown car.
The man in black got into the back seat of the brown car.
There are many vehicles on the road on the right side of the screen, and a white car turns into the road on the left side of the screen.
A truck enters the screen on the upper side and leaves on the lower side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by one after another, and a man in white appears at the bottom of the screen.
The man in white walks to the upper side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
There are vehicles passing by the road on the right side of the screen.
White and blue buses pass by the screen.
The brown car opened the trunk, and the man in gray got out of the car.
The man in gray checked the trunk and then returned to the car.
A black car turns to the road on the left side of the screen.
A man in black appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking towards the brown car.
The man in black took things to the car, and the man in gray opened the trunk.
The man in brown got out of the car and walked to the trunk to communicate with the man in black.
The brown car reverses and leaves from the right side of the screen.
A car appears on the upper side of the screen dragging a car out of the screen.
There are cars passing by the screen one after another, and the gray truck drives from the upper side of the screen to the lower side of the screen.
A man appears at the bottom of the screen and walks towards the top of the screen.
The blue bus stopped next to the station, and the woman got on.
A man in yellow appears at the bottom of the screen and walks to the top of the screen to leave.
A white car parked next to the station.
The white car has its lights on, and there are cars passing by on the road.
The white car reverses to the center of the screen.
A woman appears on the right side of the screen and walks towards the top of the screen.
On a night, a white car and a black car were parked in the center of the screen.
A white car enters the upper side of the screen and leaves from the right side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing by on the avenue on the right side of the screen.
A car is coming from the right side of the screen and heading towards the upper side of the screen.
Two women appear at the bottom of the screen walking towards the white car.
The white car reverses out of the screen and leaves from the right side of the screen.
The white car drives to the upper side of the screen and then leaves the screen.
Scattered vehicles passed through the screen and then left.
A white car and a black car appear on the upper side of the screen passing by and then leaving.
A succession of cars pass by and leave the screen.
A black vehicle appears at the top of the screen and then leaves from the bottom of the screen.
A black SUV passes by the top of the screen and then leaves from the right side of the screen.
Scattered cars passing by the screen.
A silver-white car enters the screen and then leaves.
Two cars appear on the right side of the screen and drive towards the upper side of the screen and then leave the screen.
A succession of vehicles drove past the screen and then left.
A white car turned into the small road on the left side of the screen.
A succession of vehicles drove past the screen and then left.
A woman appears on the right side of the screen walking towards the bus stop.
The woman opened the door of the white car to check things.
The woman leaves from the left side of the screen, and the white car drives to the upper side of the screen and then leaves.
A black car appears on the screen driving towards the bottom of the screen.
A bicycle appears in the center of the screen and drives towards the bottom of the screen.
There are vehicles passing through the screen one after another.
Several white cars appear on the upper side of the screen and drive into the screen and then leave from the right side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing through the screen one after another.
Two cars appear on the upper side of the screen and drive to the right side of the screen.
There are vehicles passing through the screen one after another.
A black car enters the screen and then leaves the screen.
There are scattered vehicles passing through the screen and then leaving.
A person wearing a white shirt at the top of the video is talking to a person wearing black trousers opposite him
Four women walked out from the bottom of the video, one wearing a black scarf, one wearing a yellow scarf, one wearing a black headscarf, and one wearing a yellow and black headscarf.
After four women entered the store and talked to the man in the white shirt, the man in the white shirt stood up
Video The person wearing a black scarf and the person wearing a yellow scarf look towards the glass counter
The man in the white shirt threw the book in his hand onto the small stool in the center of the video
The man in the white shirt kicked the stool back and walked to the counter
The man in the white shirt rolled up his sleeves while talking to the man in black pants.
A child wearing black half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video
The man in a white shirt took an item from the counter behind him
The man in the white shirt threw the items on the table
The person wearing a black scarf picked up the item from the table
The child wearing black half-sleeves disappeared from the bottom of the video
The person in the white shirt puts the items in his hands back on the shelf
The man in a white shirt took a small white box from the shelf
The man in a white shirt took out a small white strip from the white box
The person wearing a white shirt hands the white strip to the person wearing a black scarf
Man with black scarf talking to three other ladies
The woman wearing a black headscarf takes the white strip from the hand of the woman wearing a black scarf
The woman in black headscarf puts the white strip back on the table
The man in a white shirt took out a black box from the shelf, took out something and handed it to the woman in a black scarf
Four women are chatting next to the counter. Two women wearing black headscarves and black scarves are holding things in their hands.
In the video, the woman wearing a black headscarf picked up a white object from the table, put it down, and then picked up a black object.
The woman wearing a yellow and black headscarf at the bottom of the video adjusted her clothes and held a mobile phone in her hand
Four women talking to each other next to the counter, the woman wearing a yellow and black headscarf is playing with her mobile phone
The man in the white shirt walked to the previous seat and took something
The man in the white shirt left the seat and walked to the counter. The four women below the video continued to talk.
Man in white shirt opens the drawer under the counter
The man in the white shirt handed the book he took out of the drawer to the woman in the black scarf
The man in a white shirt took out two more books from the drawer, and the woman in a black scarf handed the book in her hand to the woman in a yellow and black scarf.
The woman in the yellow and black headscarf and the woman in the black headscarf read the book in their hands together, and the woman in the black scarf read another book
The man in the white shirt turned around and bent over to look at the cabinet, then returned to the counter and closed the cabinet
The man in a white shirt holds the phone between his head and shoulder. The woman at the bottom of the video is chatting and reading a book.
The man in white shirt hangs up the phone and talks to the man in black trousers
The woman wearing a black scarf picked up the book and watched it
The man in a white shirt took out a purple box from the cabinet
The man in the white shirt took out an item from the purple box and handed it to the woman in the black scarf
The item is passed to the woman wearing a black and yellow headscarf
The woman wearing a black and yellow headscarf handed it to the woman wearing a black scarf after using it
The woman wearing a black and yellow scarf painted her hands twice
Three women discuss the painted hands of a woman wearing a black scarf
A woman wearing blue clothes walked out from the bottom of the video
The woman in blue clothes walks to the cabinet on the right side of the video
The man in the white shirt took something from the woman in the black scarf and put it back in the cabinet
The woman in blue clothes poured a glass of water to the man in black trousers
The woman in blue clothes poured another glass of water for the man in white shirt
The man in a white shirt searched around and found a white box under the counter and placed it in front of the four women.
The man in the white shirt took several books from the woman in the black scarf, sorted them out and chatted with the woman in the black scarf
The man in a white shirt puts the organized books back into the drawer
The man in the white shirt takes out his mobile phone from his pocket and talks to the man in black trousers
The man in the white shirt starts to answer the phone
The man in the white shirt was talking to four women while answering the phone
The man in a white shirt took out some papers from the cabinet
The man in the white shirt took out some for the woman in black scarf, and the man in black trousers put the water glass on the opposite side of the counter.
The man in the white shirt hung up the phone
The man in a white shirt took a small white box from the cabinet and placed it on the counter. He took the previous white box from the counter and put it back in its place.
The man in the white shirt took out three items from the cabinet and placed them on the cabinet for the four women.
The woman wearing a yellow and black headscarf took something from the small jar that the man took out and applied it to her hands.
The man in the white shirt returned to the counter, and four women were chatting
Four women are chatting and painting things on their hands below
The man in the white shirt was talking to the man in black trousers while holding up the water glass.
Four women at the bottom of the video opened a small blue jar and began to apply it on their hands
The man in a white shirt answered the phone
The woman wearing a yellow scarf in the video put the white bag on the counter
The four women at the bottom of the video are still chatting and smearing
The man in a white shirt closed the lid of the purple box on the desktop
The woman wearing a yellow scarf walked to the side of the counter
The man in the white shirt took the items from the woman in the black headscarf and took some from the cabinet
The man in the white shirt communicates with the woman in the yellow scarf at the counter.
The man in the white shirt turned around to get something and then returned to the counter to continue communicating with the four women.
The man in the white shirt communicates with the woman in the yellow scarf.
The man in the white shirt stopped writing and communicated with the woman in the yellow scarf.
A man in black trousers is standing in front of the counter sorting things.
The man in the white shirt left the screen, and the man on the left side of the screen walked to the center of the screen.
The man in a white shirt picks up a water glass and drinks water.
The man in a white shirt turned around to pick up something and put it in front of the container.
The man in the white shirt put the things in front of the counter back and took another thing and put it in front of the counter.
The man in a white shirt introduces items to 4 women.
The person in the white shirt moves towards the top of the video.
The man in a white shirt walked to the container to put things.
The man in the white shirt walked back to the counter to communicate with the four women.
The man in the white shirt looks for something in the drawer under the counter.
The man in the white shirt puts the things he found in the drawer on the counter.
The man in the white shirt turned around and went to the counter behind to get something.
Man in white shirt organizes things on the counter and puts them in bags.
Four women in the lower right corner of the screen leave the screen, and the person in a white shirt on the left side of the screen is sorting out the drawers.
A man wearing a blue hat hands a white plastic bag to a woman wearing a white top
A bald man wearing a black top appears in the middle of the video
A blue truck appears in the video center
Video changes, a white vehicle is photographed from various angles
The white car drives into the hospital
A spacious road in the middle of the video. There are many pedestrians and vehicles on the road
The video lens changes, shooting high-rise buildings, and then shooting a pedestrian street. There are 9 flags on the left and many pedestrians on the road.
Video lens changes to capture pedestrians on the road
The video switches to another road. There are many red and white cars on the road.
The video camera was indented to capture the cars license plate number
The video lens first zooms in and then quickly shrinks to a small section of the road.
The video lens zoomed in and out many times, and finally captured an entire road
The video lens was adjusted several times to capture a huge billboard.
The video was shot at an intersection, with a large number of vehicles entering and exiting at each entrance.
The location shot in the video has not changed, it just turned into darkness, and there were only a few vehicles on the road.
The location in the video does not change, the screen becomes black and white
Video shot in a parking lot, mostly white and red vehicles
The video shooting location has not changed, and the time has turned into night
The video shooting location has not changed, and the video screen has become black and white
There is a person standing in the picture. The person is facing the camera and stepping back step by step.
A person wearing a yellow-green vest walked out of the left side of the video and walked to the middle of the video
The man in a yellow-green vest walked to a streetlight above the video
The person wearing a yellow-green vest walks towards the left side of the video
When the person wearing a yellow-green vest walked out of the video, the video camera changed and continued to shoot the person wearing a yellow-green vest. He walked to the other side of the road.
The person wearing a yellow-green vest leaves from below the video
A white minivan with patterns and text printed on it disappears from the right side of the video, and an adult and a child appear above the video
Adults and children leave from the bottom right of the video
A car drives into the right side of the video and disappears from the top of the video. At the bottom of the video, a man wearing a reflective vest walked out and walked to the other side of the road.
The person wearing a reflective vest leaves from below the video, and at the same time a person walks out from below the video
There is a white car parked in the video, and the video camera turns left to capture the greenery on the roadside.
The video camera turned to the right and captured a black jeep parked on the roadside
The video camera shot to the right again to a black car parked on the roadside
The video camera looks down to shoot the white car that first appeared.
The video camera starts shooting the greenery on the roadside again
The video shoots the sky in the distance, and then turns to the black car on the roadside
A man in black clothes walks above the video and walks out from below the video. A white car is parking on the roadside.
Three people walked out of the top of the video. One was holding a yellow bag in his hand, one was wearing white pants, and the other was wearing black pants and disappeared from the bottom of the video. A person walked out of the bottom of the video. Turn to the right of the video. try to find
Two people walked out of the top of the video, and one person walked out of the bottom of the video
A man in black clothes and a woman in white clothes walked out of the top of the video
A yellow truck drives out of the toll station on the right side of the video
A red truck drives out of the toll station on the right side of the video
The yellow truck leaves from the bottom right of the video
The red truck leaves from the lower right side of the video, and there is a bullock cart on the roadside
The video was shot on a small road with some vehicles parked on both sides of the road and surrounded by residential buildings.
A car drives into the top of the video and leaves from the right side of the video
An adult and a child walked out from below the video
A family of four walks out from the bottom of the video
A cat got out from under a car, and a child and an adult came out from the bottom of the video.
The above characters disappeared from the top of the video one after another
A car drives into the right side of the video
The car leaves from the top of the video
A kitten walks out below the video
The kitten sat under the street light for a while and disappeared from the top of the video
A car drives into the top of the video
The car in the video leaves from the bottom of the video
A kitten appears from the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
Five people got out of the car, two children, a woman, two men, a man was rummaging in the trunk of the car, and a child was held by a woman
In the video, the tall man turns left from an intersection above the video. The woman and two children leave from the bottom of the video with another slightly fat woman. The man who is rummaging for things also starts to move around. The car starts to move
The man who was rummaging took something out of his pocket and handed it to a person at the bottom of the video
The man rummaging for things directs the car to reverse, and the tall man walking out of the intersection at the top of the video
The tall man and the man rummaging for things left from below the video, and the car stopped.
The two people got out of the car, took some things from the trunk, and disappeared at the intersection above the video
A cat walks out below the video
The cat jumped on a car above the video
There is an additional car parked at the location where the video was shot. There are some vehicles parked on both sides of the road, surrounded by residential buildings.
The video was shot on a small road with some vehicles parked on both sides of the road.
A man in a blue shirt appears from below the video and leaves from above
A person holding a child walks into a house on the left side of the road
A white van drives into the bottom of the video and leaves from the top of the video. At the same time, a person wearing black half-sleeves walks out from the top of the video.
The person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from below the video
A white car drives into the bottom of the video and disappears from the top of the video
A man wearing blue and black long sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video, and the man left from the top of the video
A man in a black coat walked out from underneath the video, dragging a large white bag. He put down the white bag on his back and stopped in front of the trash can.
The man has been near the trash can. An adult and a child came down from the residential building on the left
A man holding a white plastic bag walked out from the bottom of the video, walked to the right side of the road and disappeared
A white car walks out from the bottom of the video
The white car and the man dragging the white bag left the video one after another
The man holding a garbage bag leaves the video
A car stopped at the end of the road above the video
A car enters the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A man wearing black long sleeves walked out from the bottom of the video and kicked the garbage on the roadside.
The person wearing black long sleeves walks into an alley on the left side of the video
A black and white cat appears under the car in the lower left corner and then disappears.
A person wearing black long sleeves walks out of the alley on the left side of the video, the plastic bag in his hand disappears, and the person leaves from below the video
The person wearing black long sleeves walked out from below the video and disappeared from the alley on the left side of the video
A white car drives into the top of the video
A white car drives into the top of the video, and two cars leave from the bottom of the video.
A man wearing a blue waistcoat walked out from the right side of the video, walked to the side of the road, and a white car opened the door and got inside.
A woman wearing blue clothes walked out of the bottom of the video, and two people walked out of the alley on the left side of the video, one wearing a plaid shirt and the other wearing a black skirt.
The man in a plaid shirt knocked on a door on the left side of the video, and the man in a black dress left from below the video
The man wearing a blue waistcoat came out of the white car and disappeared into the alley on the left side of the video
A white car drives into the bottom of the video, turns left in an alley above the video and then disappears
Two people walked out of the top of the video, threw something in front of the trash can and then disappeared from the bottom of the video.
A person in red clothes walked out of the top of the video and disappeared from the right side of the video
A black van disappeared from the top of the video after it started.
At the bottom of the video, a man in black clothes dragged away a white bag on the roadside.
The man in black clothes entered and opened the door of a blue car and got in
After starting the car, leave from below the video
At the bottom of the video, a man wearing an orange half-sleeve is pushing a trolley, and the garbage on it is still in the trash can.
The person in orange clothes pushes the trolley and leaves from below the video
A white truck with a pattern on the bottom of the video drives in and leaves from the top of the video
The person dragging the baggage above the video rummaged through the trash can and then left below the video
At the bottom of the video, a little boy in orange clothes rides a bicycle with a little girl, playing in the sand.
A little girl wearing white clothes walked out from the bottom of the video
There is a black cat and a tabby cat walking to the center of the camera
The little girl ran to the top of the video and then ran to the bottom of the video and disappeared.
A man in black clothes walked out of the top of the video and left from the bottom of the video
At the bottom of the video, a little girl wearing a blue top is standing on the sand playing with a child wearing orange clothes.
Two children left from below the video
A person wearing white clothes walks out on the right side of the video
The person in white clothes turned around and left from the bottom of the video
Two kittens are communicating in the middle of the video, and a person wearing black half-sleeves walks out from the bottom of the video
A kitten leaves from the bottom of the video, and a person wearing black half-sleeves leaves from the top of the video
A person wearing a yellow headscarf walked out from the bottom of the video and left from the top of the video
The little girl in blue clothes at the bottom of the video stands on the sand pile
The little girl in blue clothes leaves from the bottom of the video
A black car appears from above and leaves from under the video
A black car appears from the top of the video, and a woman wearing white clothes
The black car and the woman in white clothes leave from the bottom of the video
A black car is adjusting its position at the bottom of the video
The black car at the bottom of the video stopped
There is an extra car that just parked in the video, and a blue car is missing. There are no other changes.
A man wearing a black waistcoat walked out from the bottom of the video and left from the top of the video
A person wearing red lining walked out of the top of the video and left from the bottom of the video
A white hatchback car is adjusting its parking space in the middle of the video.
The driver came down and observed the surrounding environment
The white car continues to adjust the parking space
After the white car is adjusted, it starts to reverse
In the video, a person wearing a blue half-sleeve hands a plastic bag to a person wearing a gray shirt
The man in the blue shirt walked to the counter and talked to the man in the blue half-sleeves
The video was shot on the road, and a man in red clothes riding a motorcycle answered the phone
The person in red clothes drives out of the screen
A large number of vehicles and motorcycles drive out of the screen
A man wearing a white shirt walked out on the right side of the video, and a pink motorcycle and a gray motorcycle stopped on the road.
In the video, a cyclist wearing a plaid shirt disappeared from the right side of the video, and at the same time there were many cars waiting on the road.
There are a large number of vehicles in the video, bicycles, motorcycles, cars, and tricycles
A person wearing pink clothes and a person wearing a white shirt appear on the left side of the video, and a policeman wearing a hat appears on the right side of the video
The person wearing pink clothes and the person wearing white shirt leave from the right side of the video
The police leave from the left side of the video, there are a large number of vehicles waiting on the road
Parents and two children walked through the traffic and disappeared on the right side of the road
A large number of vehicles driving in the video
A man in a green shirt above the video leaves from the left side of the video
A large number of vehicles are waiting at the top of the video. Among them, a man with a white mask rides a red motorcycle and drives to the center of the screen.
The location where the video was shot is an intersection. A white car drives into the top and right sides. The former disappears from the bottom of the video and the latter disappears from the left side of the video.
A white car appears in the video
The white car in the video disappears from the left side of the video, and the video turns left
The previous car was photographed, and the car left from the top of the video
A black car enters at the bottom of the video and leaves from the top of the video
A black jeep appears above the video and leaves from the right side of the video
A pedestrian wearing black pants walked out of the right side of the video and disappeared from the left side of the video
After the video changes the perspective, a red car drives in from below the video
The red car leaves from the right side of the video
A car appears in the center of the video and then leaves from the bottom of the video
A red car appears from the left side of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
A white car and a black car appeared from the bottom of the video one after another
Two cars, white and black, leave from the top of the video one after another
A black car drives into the bottom of the video
The black vehicle leaves from the top of the video, and at the same time, a white car drives into the bottom of the video
The white vehicle is parked in a parking space on the upper right side of the video
A red car drove into the bottom of the video and parked in a parking space at the top of the screen.
A red car drives into the right side of the video, turns right and drives towards the top of the video
A gray car enters from the right side of the video and exits from the left
A gray off-road vehicle appears from the top of the video and disappears on the left side of the video
The video angle is indented, and a womans taxi is captured.
The video captured an old woman wearing gray pants
After the video shot was switched several times, a man wearing green long sleeves and a man wearing striped half-sleeves were captured
After the video shot briefly switched several times, a gray car was captured above the video and leaving from the right side of the video.
After a white car appears at the top of the video, it leaves from the bottom of the video
The video camera switches to a person wearing a blue half-sleeve and a person wearing a green skirt
The person wearing a blue half-sleeve leaves from the top of the video, and the person wearing a green skirt leaves from the bottom of the video
The video was shot in the sky for a while and then turned to the road. A white car drove in from below the video.
A black car drives into the right side of the video
The black car on the right side of the video leaves from the left side of the video, and at the same time, a black car drives into the bottom of the video
The white vehicle in the video leaves from the top of the video
The black vehicle in the video leaves from the top of the video
A gray off-road vehicle drives in at the top of the video, and a blue car drives in at the bottom of the video
The gray SUV leaves from the bottom of the video, and the blue car leaves from the top of the video
Video lens switching, a brown car appears from the top of the video and leaves from the bottom of the video
The video captured a pedestrian wearing white clothes on the road. At this time, the video lens switched and a white car at the top of the video was reversing.
A gray van drove into the hospital and saw it parked in the hospital as the video changed.
At the top of the video, a man in a gray shirt climbed up the stairs and disappeared. A white van stopped and a man in a black and gray shirt got out of the car.
The person wearing a black and gray shirt took a black box from the car and placed it on the ground on the right side of the video. A person wearing black clothes got out from the other side of the van, holding in his hand holding a lot of things
A man in shorts took the object from the person in black clothes, and at the same time the person in black clothes took the object from the person in black and gray shirt
People in black clothes and people in shorts disappeared after going up the stairs from below the video
The person wearing a black and gray shirt took something out of the car. After the person wearing black clothes took it, he also picked up the box on the ground and disappeared from the bottom of the video after going up the stairs.
The man in black clothes appeared again, took some things from the car, went up the stairs below the video and disappeared.
The person wearing a black and gray shirt closes the car door. As the camera moves, you can see it driving out of the yard and disappearing from the right side of the video.
In the video, a van drove into the courtyard and stopped.
A man wearing a black and gray shirt got out of the car and took out a black box and placed it on the ground on the left side of the video
A man in black clothes came down, holding many things in his hand. A man in shorts took the items from the man in black clothes.
The person in black clothes took the object from the person in black and gray shirt. The person in black clothes and the person in shorts disappeared from the top of the video after going up the stairs.
The man in a black and gray shirt took something out of the car. The man in black took it and picked up the box on the ground. He went up the stairs from above the video and disappeared.
The man in black clothes appeared again, took some things from the car, went up the stairs below the video and disappeared.
The man in a black and gray shirt closed the car door and disappeared from the top of the video
In the video, a woman in white is packing pillows
The woman in white walked out of the room and went behind the wall
A man in black is standing behind the counter talking to people
The video was shot on the road. There are a large number of cars passing by on the left side of the video.
An electric bicycle appears on the left side and the top of the video. The former drives to the right side of the video and the latter drives to the bottom of the video.
In a store, there are two clerks in the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman in black gauze appears on the upper left side of the screen and walks out of the store from the upper right corner of the screen.
Two men appeared in the upper right corner of the screen and walked towards the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking towards the counter to communicate with the clerk.
A woman in pink appears in the upper right corner of the screen entering the store, and then leaves from the upper left corner of the screen.
Two women with veils appeared in the upper left corner of the screen looking towards the store counter.
The man in red and the man in green leave the store in the upper left corner of the screen and go to the upper right corner of the screen.
In the upper left corner of the screen, a woman walks out of clothes and walks towards the store counter. Two veiled women stand in front of the counter.
A man in red appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking towards the counter.
The man in red leaves the screen and leaves from the left side of the screen.
A man in yellow appears in the upper left corner of the screen and walks toward the lower left corner of the screen.
The man in yellow in the lower left corner of the screen walks towards the counter in the upper left corner
The two veiled women in front of the counter left the screen from the upper side of the screen.
A woman in pink appears on the left side of the screen walking out of the store and leaving from the right side of the screen.
The clerk at the counter in the upper right corner of the screen looks to the upper side of the screen.
The clerk got up and walked to the upper side of the screen to sort out the counter above.
A man in blue appears in the upper right corner of the screen entering the store, and then leaves to the left side of the screen.
The woman in green on the upper left side of the screen is holding water and walking towards the lower left corner of the screen.
A woman in green clothes appears on the left side of the screen and walks into the screen and then walks out from the left side of the screen.
A man in green appears on the upper side of the screen walking into the store and walking towards the counter.
The man in yellow clothes walks out of the store, and then leaves from the upper side of the screen. The man in blue clothes walks out of the left side of the screen and walks towards the counter.
The man in blue communicates with the clerk, and then leaves the screen from the right side of the screen.
The clerk on the upper side of the screen looked around, and the clerk on the upper side was arranging the counter.
The man in yellow enters the store from the upper side of the screen and walks to the counter to communicate with the clerk.
The woman in black carrying a bag walked into the store, walked to the left side of the screen and then left the screen.
The man in black walks out of the store from the left side of the screen and meets the woman in black at the door.
The woman in black walked into the store again and walked towards the left side of the screen.
The man in yellow leaves the store and leaves from the right side of the screen.
The clerks on the upper left side of the screen are discussing together at the counter.
The clerk on the upper left of the screen is arranging the counter, and the three at the top are discussing.
A man in pink clothes passed by outside the store, walked from the right side of the screen to the upper left side of the screen and left.
A man in black appears in the upper left corner of the screen, walking towards the counter to communicate with the clerk.
A woman appears in the upper right corner of the screen and looks towards the top of the screen.
The man in black leaves the store and leaves the right side of the screen with the woman in the upper right corner.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen is sorting things.
A father and daughter appeared in the upper right corner of the screen and walked into the room, then walked to the left and disappeared.
The veiled woman on the left side of the screen is leaving the store with her things and heading towards the upper right corner of the screen.
Several clerks in the upper left corner of the screen are sorting things.
A man in a plaid shirt appears in the upper right corner of the screen, walking into the store and heading towards the counter.
The man in white at the top of the screen walks to the left side of the screen and then leaves.
The man in plaid shirt walks to the left side of the screen and leaves the screen.
The man in plaid shirt appears on the left side of the screen and walks to the counter.
The man in plaid shirt walks to the left side of the screen, and a woman in black gauze walks into the upper right corner of the screen.
The woman in black gauze walked towards the counter, and the man in plaid shirt walked towards the counter.
The father and daughter appear in the upper left corner of the screen and then leave the supermarket.
The woman in black gauze leaves the supermarket and walks towards the upper side of the screen, and a man in blue appears on the left side of the screen walking towards the counter.
The man in plaid shirt and the man in white leave the supermarket and leave from the upper side of the screen.
A child appears on the left side of the screen, looking down the screen, and then leaves from the left side of the screen.
The clerk on the upper left side of the screen is arranging the counter.
The clerk on the right side of the upper left corner of the screen looks towards the upper side of the screen.
A child appears in the upper left corner of the screen communicating with the store clerk.
The child in the upper left corner of the screen is leaning in front of the counter, and the clerk is communicating with him.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen handed over the child, and then the child left.
The woman in green appears on the left side of the screen and then leaves the screen from the left side of the screen.
Two clerks in the upper left corner of the screen are arranging the counter.
A person appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking towards the cabinet.
A motorcycle passes by at the top of the screen, and the shopper leaves the supermarket.
Several clerks are communicating in the upper left corner of the screen.
A woman in white appears in the upper right corner of the screen walking into the supermarket and walking to the right side of the screen.
There is a person passing by the upper side of the screen and then leaves.
A checkered man appears on the upper side of the screen and walks from the left side of the screen to the right side of the screen and then leaves.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen is arranging the counter and looks towards the top of the screen.
A clerk appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking into the counter.
The man in plaid shirt enters the supermarket from the upper right corner of the screen.
The man in the plaid shirt walks to the left side of the screen, and the woman in the veil walks out of the supermarket.
A man appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking towards the counter.
A woman walks into the upper right corner of the screen, enters the supermarket and then leaves on the left side of the screen.
The man in the plaid shirt leaves the supermarket on the upper left side of the screen, and the woman in the veil walks into the supermarket from the upper right side of the screen.
The veiled woman and the brown pants woman leave the supermarket on the upper left side of the screen, and then leave from the right side of the screen.
The man in white in the upper left corner of the screen is communicating with the clerk.
A woman in black gauze appears on the left side of the screen and walks toward the center of the screen.
The woman in black gauze walked to the freezer on the upper right side of the screen and prepared to open it.
The woman in black veil opened the freezer to get something, then turned to another freezer and checked the other freezer.
The woman in black veil opened another freezer and closed it, then turned and walked towards the center of the screen.
The woman in black gauze walked to the counter and communicated with the clerk.
The woman in black gauze walked to the freezer again and looked around.
Black veil walks towards the counter, and a man in black appears leaning in front of the counter on the upper left side of the screen.
A man in black appears in the upper left corner of the screen and walks out of the supermarket.
The man in white in the upper left corner of the screen walks towards the top of the screen to look at things.
The man in white communicates with the clerk and then prepares to move to the left side of the screen.
A man in black appears on the upper right side of the screen entering the supermarket, and the man in white leaves from the right side of the screen.
The man in black walks to the upper left corner of the screen and leaves.
A car passes by on the upper side of the screen and then leaves from the left side of the screen.
A man in black appears on the left side of the screen and walks towards the right side of the screen and then leaves the supermarket.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen communicates while arranging the counter.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen is sitting behind the counter looking at his mobile phone.
A man in black appeared in the upper right corner of the screen. He walked into the supermarket while looking at his mobile phone and walked to the left side of the screen.
Three men in the upper right corner of the screen walked into the supermarket and walked towards the counter.
A man in black appears on the left side of the screen walking out of the supermarket, and then leaves the screen.
The two men on the upper side of the screen are communicating with the clerk.
Two men in flowery trousers on the upper side of the screen left the supermarket and then left the screen.
The man in the upper left corner of the screen is communicating with the clerk.
The man in the upper left corner of the screen is holding something and leaving the supermarket, leaving from the upper right corner of the screen.
A robed woman appears on the upper side of the screen and moves from the upper side of the screen to the upper left side of the screen.
The man in the hat in the upper left corner of the screen communicates with the clerk.
A man with a backpack appears on the left side of the screen walking out of the supermarket and then leaves from the right side of the screen.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen is communicating with a man, while another clerk is sorting out the containers.
Two clerks in the upper left corner of the screen are organizing the counter.
The man in white in the upper left corner of the screen is communicating with the clerk.
The man in white leaves from the upper left corner of the screen, and the clerk is arranging the counter.
A man in black passes by on the upper side of the screen and walks to the right side of the screen to leave.
A car passing by appears on the upper side of the screen.
Two clerks on the upper side of the screen are sorting things and looking towards the upper side of the screen.
Two clerks in the upper left corner of the screen are wiping the machine.
The two clerks looked down at the same time to look for something.
The man in red enters the supermarket from the upper right corner of the screen and walks towards the upper left corner of the screen.
The clerk in the upper left corner of the screen is sitting drinking water and looking towards the bottom of the screen.
The woman in yellow walks out of the supermarket on the left side of the screen, and the man in yellow walks into the supermarket from the upper right of the screen and walks towards the counter.
The man in yellow walked to the counter and pointed at the top of the screen, then left the screen.
The clerk at the counter on the upper side of the screen is sitting and playing with his mobile phone.
There is a person in the upper left corner of the screen passing by and then leaving.
A man in yellow appears on the left side of the screen walking towards the counter.
The clerk in yellow on the upper side of the screen is arranging the counter.
A man in red appears in the upper left corner of the screen holding something and walking towards the counter.
The man in green walks out of the upper left corner of the screen, and the woman in yellow walks into the supermarket in the upper right corner of the screen towards the upper side of the screen.
The man in green walks to the table in the lower right corner of the screen to get some water.
The man in green walked towards the upper right corner of the screen, where the freezer was leaning. The man in red was holding something and was about to leave.
The man in red leaves the supermarket from the upper right corner of the screen.
The man in green stood in front of the freezer and shook his legs.
The man in green looks towards the freezer on the right side of the screen, and a man in blue appears in the upper left corner of the screen walking towards the counter.
The man in the blue plaid shirt and the man in the plaid shirt walked into the supermarket and walked towards the counter. n
The man in blue plaid shirt leaves the supermarket and leaves from the right side of the screen.
The plaid shirt communicates with the clerk, and the clerk and the man in the upper left corner of the screen communicate with the clerk.
The man in plaid shirt leaves the store and leaves from the upper side of the screen.
The man in the upper left corner of the screen is communicating with the clerk, and the clerk on the right is clearing the counter.
The two clerks in the upper left corner of the screen are organizing the counter.
A man in red appears on the left side of the screen walking towards the counter to communicate with the clerk.
A veiled woman appears on the left side of the screen walking towards the counter.
The man in gray stood in front of the counter and communicated with the clerk, holding something in his hand.
The man in white walked out of the right side of the screen and walked to the counter to communicate with the clerk.
The man in white took something and left the screen, leaving from the upper side of the screen.
The yellow clothes appear on the upper side of the screen and then leave the screen.
Two clerks in yellow clothes on the upper side of the screen are communicating with each other.
A man in red and a man in blue appeared on the right side of the screen and walked into the screen and moved to the left side of the screen.
The man in blue walks to the bottom of the screen and looks to the bottom left. The man in red walks to the left side of the screen and leaves.
Lan Yi held the thing in a circle and walked to the right side of the screen.
The man in blue turned and walked to the left side of the screen and left the screen.
The man in red leaves the supermarket and leaves from the upper right side of the screen.
The clerk in yellow on the upper left of the screen is sitting there looking at his mobile phone.
A woman with short hair passed by the upper left corner of the screen and then left from the upper right corner of the screen.
The clerk in yellow in the upper left corner of the screen stood up and looked towards the lower side of the screen.
The veiled woman on the right side of the screen walks into the supermarket and walks towards the lower right side of the supermarket.
A man in green appears in the upper left corner of the screen, and a woman in a veil walks towards the upper left corner of the screen.
Green clothes walked towards the supermarket door, holding the door with his hands, and the veiled woman looked at him.
The man in green walks out of the supermarket and walks towards the upper left corner of the screen, where the veiled woman communicates with him.
The veiled woman stands in front of the counter and looks to the right side of the screen.
The clerks in the upper left corner of the screen are looking towards the top of the screen and communicating with each other.
A man in green appears on the right side of the screen, walking into the supermarket and chatting with the clerk.
The man in green walks to the right side of the screen and looks towards the lower right corner of the screen.
The man in green tidied the table in the lower right corner, and then walked towards the center of the screen.
The man in green walked to the counter and chatted with the clerk.
A woman in black gauze appears on the upper right side of the screen walking into the supermarket, and then walks towards the upper left corner of the screen.
Green clothes appear in the upper left corner of the screen to communicate with the man in green.
The woman in green took off the things belonging to the man in green and then walked to the left side of the screen.
A man in a plaid shirt appeared on the right side of the door and walked into the supermarket and walked towards the counter.
The woman in black gauze stood in front of the counter and communicated with the clerk, and the man in plaid shirt communicated with the clerk.
The woman in black gauze leaves the store and then leaves from the right side of the screen.
The man in plaid shirt is stimulating communication with the clerk, holding something in his hand.
The man in the plaid shirt left the supermarket and stood at the door looking towards the top of the screen.
The man in the plaid shirt holds something in his hand and walks to the right side of the screen and leaves.
A white car enters the screen from the right side of the screen.
A woman with short hair got on the bus from the right side of the screen, and the clerk looked at her.
The clerks on the upper side of the screen look at the upper side of the screen and communicate with each other.
A man in a white and green plaid shirt carrying a schoolbag walked to the door of the store and left from the upper right corner
There are four shelves in the picture. A man in a green shirt and jeans in the center walks to the right side of the picture, and a lady in pink clothes walks to the right side of the picture.
A man wearing sunglasses, a green shirt and green pants walked past the top of the screen, and a man wearing a red shirt walked to the bottom of the screen
A woman in a white headscarf and a woman in a pink headscarf at the top of the screen walked to the counter
A man wearing a purple shirt and jeans walked in from the left side of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen
The men wearing green tops and red tops at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen
A woman in pink clothes in the center of the screen walked around the shelf to the right side of the screen and squatted down to look for something.
The woman in pink clothes on the right side of the screen walked around the shelf with something and walked to the top of the screen
A man in a red shirt and brown shorts enters the left side of the screen and walks to the top of the screen
Several customers in pink clothes at the top of the screen are checking out at the counter
The clerk in green clothes in the lower right corner of the screen walked to the top of the screen with the product.
On the left side of the screen, a woman wearing a pink top, jeans and a headscarf walked into the store and walked to the top of the screen.
The man in the red shirt at the top of the screen holds something and leaves the store from the left
The woman wearing a headscarf and pink clothes in the center of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen. The man in a purple top at the bottom of the screen walked to the left side of the screen and left the store. The woman in pink clothes in the center of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen.
A man in a green shirt, jeans and sunglasses in the center of the screen walked to the left side of the screen and left the store
The clerk at the counter pushed aside the baffle and walked to the shelf, and then walked to the bottom of the screen with another clerk.
The two shop assistants in green clothes at the top walked to the bottom of the screen, and the woman in pink clothes at the bottom walked to the top of the screen
The clerk in the green shirt on the right side of the screen pulled a stool to the right side of the screen
The woman in pink clothes wearing a headscarf at the bottom of the screen left the store
A man in a blue shirt and black pants walked into the left side of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen
A clerk at the bottom of the screen carries something and walks to the top of the screen, and a customer in a dark blue shirt on the right walks to the center of the screen
A woman in brown clothes and a headscarf on the left side of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen
A clerk in a green shirt at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen holding something.
The man in blue in the center of the screen walked to the center of the shelf on the right, and then walked to the top of the screen
The woman in brown clothes at the bottom of the screen left the store, the man in a blue top and black pants walked to the right side of the screen, and the clerk returned to the cashier.
The man in blue on the right side of the screen walked to the counter at the top of the screen to check out.
On the left side of the screen, a woman wearing a headscarf, a beige top, and black pants walked to the counter, and then walked to the bottom of the screen.
The man in blue at the top of the screen left the store
On the left side of the screen, a man wearing black clothes and black pants enters the store, walks to the counter and talks to the clerk, and a clerk walks into the cashier.
A man wearing a blue shirt, black pants and a green shirt and jeans enters the left side of the screen and walks to the bottom of the screen. The man in the green shirt leaves.
A woman in pink clothes and a headscarf walked to the bottom of the screen
A woman in a white top, black pants and a headscarf enters the left side of the screen and walks to the bottom of the screen
The man in black leaves the store, and the clerk enters and exits the counter
The man in blue at the bottom of the screen leaves the store, and a clerk leaves the store
The woman in a pink top and headscarf at the bottom of the screen walked to the glass cabinet at the top of the screen, opened the door, and then walked to the counter to check out.
The woman in white headscarf and white clothes at the bottom of the screen left the store
A man in black and a little girl in red walk to the right side of the screen
A clerk in green clothes and black pants on the left side of the screen walked into the counter
A team member walked out of the counter and returned to the counter. The woman at the bottom of the screen left the store.
Several customers on the right side of the screen are selecting products
A woman in a green headscarf, black clothes and skirt enters the left side of the screen and walks to the lower left corner of the screen
Several customers at the top of the screen walked to the counter to check out
The man wearing a plaid shirt at the bottom of the screen leaves the store, and a clerk walks to the top of the screen
A man in a purple shirt enters the left side of the screen and walks to the bottom of the screen
A man in blue and a man in a green shirt enter the left side of the screen, and the woman below leaves the store
The man in purple clothes at the bottom of the screen left the store and then entered several customers.
In the center of the screen, a man in blue clothes is shopping in the store. A boy in red striped clothes runs in. Many children are walking through the store.
The woman in black wearing a headscarf at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen with two children.
The man in blue and the man in green shirt in the center of the screen leave the store
In the picture, the woman walked to the right side of the picture with two children, and then walked to the counter to check out. The woman at the bottom of the picture left the store.
A woman in a gray top and jeans enters the left side of the screen and walks to the top of the screen
A man on the left walks to the lower left corner of the screen
A man in a gray shirt in the center of the screen leaves the store
A woman in a pink headscarf enters the left side of the screen and walks to the top of the screen, a man in black clothes walks to the lower left corner of the screen, and the clerk walks to the bottom
Many people are in the center of the screen. Several customers leave the store and the clerk walks to the top of the screen.
The man at the bottom of the screen leaves the store, and the two children in the center leave the store
The man in the gray shirt walks to the right side of the screen, and the woman wearing a headscarf leaves the store
The man in the gray shirt on the right side of the screen walks to the counter to check out, and the man in the hat at the bottom of the screen leaves the store
The man in gray at the top of the screen leaves the store
The man in pink headscarf and two children came to the counter to check out
A man wearing sunglasses, white shirt and jeans on the left side of the screen enters and walks to the lower left corner
A woman wearing a headscarf and a white top in the center of the screen walked to the center of the screen
The woman in the pink headscarf at the top of the screen left the store with the little girl.
The man in white jeans and sunglasses at the bottom of the screen leaves the store, and the woman walks to the lower left corner
A woman in a white headscarf and a green top enters the left side of the screen and a man in black wearing a hat walks to the bottom of the screen
A clerk on the right side of the screen walks to the bottom of the screen and then returns to the counter
The woman in the purple headscarf and white top at the bottom of the screen walks to the counter to check out.
A man wearing white jeans on the left side of the screen entered the store and walked to the bottom of the screen
The man and woman wearing hats at the bottom of the screen leave the store
A man in a white shirt and jeans enters the left side of the screen and walks to the top of the screen
A man wearing black clothes and black pants on the left side of the screen
The man in black clothes and black pants at the bottom of the screen walked to the counter to check out.
The man in white jeans in the center of the screen left the store
A man in white jeans on the left side of the screen enters the store
A man in a yellow shirt on the left side of the screen entered the store and walked to the bottom of the screen
A man in white clothes and black pants at the top of the screen left the store
A man in black clothes and black pants in the center of the screen walked to the lower left corner of the screen
The man in the yellow shirt at the bottom of the screen left the store
The man in black clothes and black pants at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen
A man in a black coat at the top of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen
A man wearing a hat and sunglasses entered the store on the left side of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen
The man in black at the bottom of the screen leaves the store
A man in gray clothes at the bottom of the screen walked to the upper right corner of the screen, and then walked to the counter to check out
The man in gray clothes at the bottom of the screen walks to the lower right corner of the screen. A man in a black and white striped shirt enters the left side and walks to the bottom of the screen.
A man wearing glasses and a backpack enters the left side of the screen and walks to the bottom of the screen
The man in black and white stripes at the bottom of the screen leaves the store, and a man in white in the center walks to the lower right corner
The man in gray at the bottom of the screen walked to the top of the screen
A man in a brown shirt on the left side of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen
The man in gray leaves the store
The man in brown clothes at the bottom of the screen leaves the store
The man in white leaves the store
A man in yellow clothes and yellow pants on the left walked to the bottom of the screen
The man in yellow clothes left, and the clerk walked to the shelf on the right side of the screen
The clerk opened the counter baffle and walked to the right side of the screen, then returned to the counter
A man in a red shirt and jeans at the top of the screen walked to the bottom of the screen
The clerk left the counter and walked to the top of the screen
The clerk in green clothes on the right side of the screen left the store
A clerk at the top of the screen took two bags and placed them in front of the shelf at the top of the screen, then returned to the top of the screen
The man in red at the bottom of the screen walks to the right side of the screen
The man in red walked to the counter to check out
The female clerk at the top of the screen ran to the counter
A man in a blue shirt walked into the left side of the screen, walked to the counter, and then left.
On the left side of the screen, a woman wearing a blue top and a headscarf enters the store, walks to the right, and then walks to the counter to check out.
On the left side of the screen, a woman wearing a gray headscarf, black clothes and black pants walks into the store
A man in black clothes and black pants on the left side of the screen enters the store, walks to the bottom of the screen, and the woman above leaves the store
A man in red clothes and black pants walked into the left side of the screen and walked to the lower right corner of the screen.
On the left side of the screen, a woman in black with a pink headscarf walks into the store.
The man in black clothes and black pants at the bottom of the screen left the store
A man in white clothes and gray pants enters the left side of the screen and walks to the bottom of the screen
The woman in pink headscarf at the bottom of the screen left the store
A man in a white shirt and gray pants at the top of the screen left the store
A man in white clothes and black pants on the left walked to the bottom of the screen
The clerk at the counter walked out of the store
The man in white clothes and black pants at the bottom of the screen walked to the counter and left
A clerk in the center of the screen walked out of the store
A man wearing blue clothes and black pants walked into the left side of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen.
A clerk on the left side of the screen walked into the store and entered the counter
A woman in red with a black headscarf on the left side of the screen walked to the left side of the screen
The man in blue at the bottom of the screen put away his wallet and left the store
A black turban and red clothes at the bottom of the screen walked out of the store, and a man in white jeans on the left walked to the bottom of the screen
A woman in pink clothes at the top of the screen walked to the counter to check out
A store clerk in green clothes at the top of the screen walked to the center of the screen
A man in a blue shirt walked into the left side of the screen, and a woman in red walked to the counter.
The man in the white shirt and black pants at the bottom of the screen left the store
A man in a blue shirt and gray pants walked into the left side of the screen and walked to the bottom of the screen
A man in a green shirt on the left side of the screen walked to the lower left corner of the screen
The man in the white shirt at the bottom of the screen left the store
The man in blue at the bottom of the screen left the store
The picture shows a small store with four shelves and several clerks
In the gas station, a car enters the station
A small blue train retreats and leaves the platform
An electric car in the lower right corner drives towards the upper left corner
In front of the store, the silver car reverses, then turns around and drives away from the camera
White truck moving forward
The driver of the white car on the right gets off
A motorcycle comes from above and stops. The person on the left side of the camera disappears, and then the screen jumps.
A car on the right is driving upwards, and several people on the left are talking
Several vehicles passed by on a highway, and the driver of the black vehicle parked on the roadside came down and left the camera.
A motorcycle below is driving upwards, a car and a motorcycle above are driving downwards, the driver returns to the car, and several vehicles pass by the road
The black car stops on the roadside and drives away from the camera, during which several vehicles pass by the road
A motorcycle is driving downwards from above, and a car is driving from above and is driving toward the bottom of the camera.
A motorcycle drove down and stopped at the camera. Two people got off the car and took off their helmets. Two cars stopped on the side of the road. The two talked and a car passed by.
Two people squatted next to a motorcycle and talked. They made a phone call. A woman ran to a vehicle on the roadside. After getting on, the vehicle left and another car parked on the roadside.
A parked vehicle leaves downwards
A person got out of the parked vehicle and left the camera. Two people walked back and forth next to the motorcycle. One person went to a black car to ask, and the other got on the motorcycle.
A person got out of the car and then left the camera. The two continued to talk. The woman returned to the black car, and then the black car drove downwards and left the camera.
The two people next to the motorcycle put on their helmets and then drove down. Several vehicles passed by the road.
Two people above are walking down, a white car is parked on the roadside, then the driver gets out of the car and leaves the camera, several vehicles pass by the road
The silver car on the right is driving towards the road below, the driver returns to the white car, and then the white car drives away from the camera
A black car below is driving toward the highway above. Several electric vehicles are passing by the highway opposite each other. A white car above is driving toward the highway below.
A white car below is driving toward the highway above, a black car is driving toward the highway below, and several vehicles are passing by the highway
A motorcycle on the right is driving toward the road below, several motorcycles above are driving downwards, and a motorcycle below is driving toward the highway above.
A silver car and a motorcycle below are driving upward, and several vehicles above are walking toward the road below.
The front of the car on the right appears in the camera, an electric car is parked on the roadside, and a man in yellow comes down
The man in yellow paces back and forth, and then leaves the camera. A car above is driving toward the road below. The front of the car on the right leaves the camera, then enters the camera and turns around to leave.
The man in yellow puts on his helmet and drives away from the camera
A car above is driving to the right, a silver car below is driving toward the highway above, several vehicles above are driving toward the highway below, and a white car on the right is driving toward the highway below
A motorcycle below is driving towards the highway above, a car above is parked on the roadside, and then the driver gets off the car and leaves the camera
A motorcycle at the top is driving toward the road below, two motorcycles at the bottom are driving toward the highway above, and a car on the right is driving toward the highway below. The driver returns to the vehicle and then the vehicle leaves the camera. During this period, several vehicles passing by road
A car above is driving towards the road below, followed by a white car, a car below is driving towards the road above, and a black car above is parked on the roadside
The driver got off the car and walked to the right to leave the camera. Several motorcycles below were driving toward the highway above, and several cars above were driving toward the highway below. The driver returned to the vehicle parked on the roadside and turned around to move upward. travel
A yellow car above is driving toward the road below, a black car on the right is driving toward the highway below, two cars below are driving toward the highway above, and a red car below is driving toward the highway above
A car below is driving toward the highway above, a motorcycle on the right is driving toward the highway below, two motorcycles below are driving toward the highway above, and a man on the right is walking to the road on the left
The two cars above are driving towards the road below. The man walks to the right and leaves the camera. Several vehicles pass by the road.
A motorcycle stopped on the right, two men came down to talk, then one man left, several vehicles passed by, and a car parked next to the motorcycle
The driver of the car got out of the car and left the camera. One person returned to the motorcycle, and the other left the camera. A silver car parked above the roadside, and then the driver got off the camera and left the camera.
The driver of the black car enters the car and then the car leaves the camera. The two men return to the motorcycle and drive the motorcycle away from the camera. The driver of the silver car drives the vehicle away from the camera.
Another motorcycle parked on the side of the road, and then the owner left the camera. Several vehicles passed by the road, and the owner came back and drove the motorcycle out of the camera's field of view.
A silver car above is driving towards the road below, two motorcycles below are driving towards the road above, followed by several motorcycles, several vehicles passing by the road, and a white car parked on the roadside
Then the white car moved and parked on the right. A woman got out of the car and left the camera. During this period, several pedestrians and vehicles passed by the road, and a man entered the parked vehicle at the rear.
Then the car drove down the road, the woman returned to the white car, a motorcycle stopped, the owner got down and left the camera, the white car left the home camera
A car above is driving towards the road below. Several vehicles pass by the road. The owner returns to the motorcycle and drives the motorcycle downwards away from the camera.
A motorcycle on the right is driving towards the road below, and a car above is driving towards the road below. Several vehicles are passing by the road, and a black car is parked on the roadside.
A person got out of the car and then left the camera. Another black car parked on the right side. A person returned to the black car. The first black car left the camera.
Two men walked to the right. The black car reversed, then drove forward and stopped. A silver car parked on the right side, and several pedestrians walked up below.
Several vehicles passed by the road, and several people entered the silver car. Then the silver car left the camera. A man in white came to the black vehicle, and a silver car parked below on the right
A woman gets out of a silver car and then leaves the camera. A motorcycle drives downwards. The man in white and a woman enter the black car. Then the black car leaves the camera. Several vehicles pass by the road.
Several vehicles and people passed by the road, the woman returned to the parked silver car, and a black car parked on the roadside
On a road, two pedestrians passed by, the black car reversed and then turned around, heading towards the road to the left of the camera
A man in blue enters the camera and talks to the person behind the counter. Two men pass by the road and enter the car at the rear.
The man in blue accepted the coupon from the counter staff, turned around and left, entering his car
A car drove onto the road and then stopped at the upper left corner of the camera. Another car drove left and left the camera. The driver of the stopped car got out and walked to the counter.
The man exchanged items with the counter staff, and then the man returned to his car and talked with a man. Several vehicles passed by the road
The man in gray came to the counter to exchange items with the staff, and one man left.
The woman brought the child to the counter, the man in gray left, and the woman left with the child.
Several people got in the car and drove away. The driver of the silver car next to him got out of the car and walked to the counter. After exchanging items with the counter staff, he left the counter and returned to his car.
The peeping man walked to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera.
The motorcycle came to the counter, and a man came to the counter. After exchanging items, he returned to the motorcycle, and a man in green came to the counter.
The motorcycle leaves the camera. After exchanging items, the man in green leaves. Several vehicles pass by the road.
A motorcycle drove up and stopped. Two people got off the car. Another motorcycle parked behind it. The driver got off the car and came to the counter. After exchanging items, the driver returned to the motorcycle. One person The man in white came to the counter
After exchanging items, the man in white clothes left the camera. Another man in red helmet came to the counter. After exchanging items, the man in red helmet left the camera.
A man came to the counter and then left
Several people passed by the highway. A woman went out from the counter door, walked to the black car, and talked with two men.
Several people entered the store, a man came out of the store, two men drove away on a motorcycle, followed by a black car
Two women left the store, a silver car parked in the camera parking area, and a man in black came to the counter
After exchanging items, the man left. The driver got out of the car and walked to the counter. After exchanging items, he returned to his vehicle. Several vehicles passed by the road.
The man opened the car door and then closed it and came to the counter again. After exchanging items with the counter staff, the man returned to his car. A man in red came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera.
The two people got off the car and then left the camera. A man walked out of the store, and then the man left the camera. During this period, several vehicles passed by the road.
The car parked in front of the store, the driver got out of the car and entered the store. The man in red came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera. The parked car started to drive away from the camera.
Pedestrians are walking towards the road on the right, and a car is driving towards the road below.
The man walked out of the store and cleared his car. A man in green walked to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera.
A black car drove away in front of the store. Three people got out of a silver car, and one person walked to the left. The silver car stopped, and the man in striped clothes came to the counter.
After exchanging items with the counter staff, he leaves the camera. The man enters the store. The man in black comes to the counter to exchange items and then leaves and returns to his car.
Three men entered the store and one man walked out of the store
The man walked towards the car in the distance, got into the car and drove away. The two men walked out of the shop, returned to the car and entered the car
A man walked out of the store and entered the car. The silver car in the parking area left the camera. A white car passed by the road.
The silver car reversed in front of the store, turned around and then drove away from the camera. A woman came to the counter.
A man came to the counter, the woman left after exchanging items, the man also left, and a man left the store,
A black car got in and out of a black car in the parking area, and one person walked towards the counter.
After exchanging items with the counter staff, the man returned to the car. Several pedestrians passed by the road. A man in green walked to the counter, exchanged items with the counter staff and left the camera.
The car in the parking area leaves the camera, two men appear on the right passing by the road, a white car passes by the road, and a motorcycle is parked in front of the shop
A man in white came to the counter. A woman in yellow follows closely behind. The two exchange items with the counter staff and then leave the camera. A man enters the store.
A car passes by the road, a man enters the store, a man leaves the store, and a motorcycle drives away from the camera in the distance
The silver car in the distance drives to the left and leaves the camera. The white car follows closely behind. A man in striped clothes comes to the counter, exchanges items with the counter staff and then leaves the camera.
A woman in a helmet comes to the counter, exchanges items with the counter staff and then leaves the camera. Several vehicles pass by the road
A man got out of the car on the right, and then left the camera's field of view. An old man came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera. Several people entered and left the store.
Several vehicles passed by the road, a motorcycle drove to the road below, and a white car parked in front of the store
A man entered the store, then another person entered the store, a man left the store, a man drove a motorcycle in front of the store, and a man in white came to the counter
The man drove a motorcycle and left the camera. The man in white left after exchanging items and then returned. After getting the items, he left the camera.
A man left the store, and a man in blue came to the counter, exchanged items with the counter staff and then entered the van in the parking area.
A man in green clothes came down from a vehicle in the distance and walked to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera.
The man in green returns to the vehicle in the distance. A man in green comes to the counter. After talking, he leaves the camera. Several vehicles pass by the road.
The motorcycle drove towards the road below. Several vehicles passed by the road, and a white car stopped in the middle of the road.
Man entered the store, a man got out of the white car and entered the store
The silver car drove to the right road. The man left the store and returned to the white car. An old man came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera.
The white car parked in front of the store. The driver got out of the car and left the camera. He entered the store. A car reversed and then drove away from the camera.
The man left the store and walked down. A silver car parked in front of the store. A woman got out of the car and left the camera.
The woman came to the counter and left the camera after exchanging items.
The man behind him came to the counter, exchanged items and returned to the parking area. A silver car stopped in the parking area.
A black car drives away from the camera in the distance. A man in white comes to the counter, exchanges items and leaves the camera.
Another man in white came to the counter, and a woman entered the store. The man in white exchanged items with the counter staff and left the camera. A man entered the store.
The man in black came to the counter, exchanged items with the counter staff and left. The woman got into the silver car and the car left. The man in green came to the counter.
After exchanging items, the man in green leaves the camera. A woman comes to the counter. After exchanging items, she leaves the camera. A man in red comes to the counter.
After exchanging items, the man in red left, and a man in front of the store left the camera view.
The white car stopped. A woman left the store and entered the white car and left. A man came to the counter and then left.
The man in blue came to the counter, exchanged items and returned to the car in the parking area.
Several vehicles passed by the road. The man in white came to the counter, exchanged items and left. Vehicles in the distance were parked in the parking area.
A car leaves the camera, a man in a helmet comes to the counter, exchanges items and leaves, a woman in a helmet comes to the counter
After exchanging items, the woman in the helmet left, and two passers-by walked up and away from the camera.
A helmeted man came to the counter. After exchanging items, the helmeted man left.
Two men came to the counter, exchanged items and left one after another. Several pedestrians passed by the road
One person enters the store, and a man walks towards the road below
A man enters the store, a woman comes to the counter, exchanges items and leaves the camera, a white car drives towards the highway above
A motorcycle drove towards the road below, a motorcycle parked in front of the store, the driver got off and entered the store
A woman in the distance enters the store, and a man walks to the car in the distance and enters the car
The woman in green came to the counter. After exchanging items, the woman in green left the camera, and a man in blue came to the counter.
After exchanging items, the man in blue leaves the camera. Several people below move to the top. A woman in yellow comes to the counter. After exchanging items, the man in yellow leaves the camera.
The woman comes to the counter, exchanges items and leaves the camera. A woman below walks towards the top
The woman came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera. A person on the right pushed a motorcycle and stopped in the parking area, and a man left the store.
The man came to the counter, exchanged items and walked towards the parking area. A man in white came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera. A woman entered the store.
A silver car stopped in front of the store. A man was waiting behind the car. Several men below walked up and the man behind the car entered the car.
The woman in red headscarf came to the counter, exchanged items and left the camera. A woman in black got off the car in the parking area in the distance and entered the store.
The man left the store and entered the silver car in front of the store. A man in red came to the counter. The silver car left the camera. After exchanging items, the man in red left.
A man in gray came to the counter to exchange items and left. A man in white came to the counter to exchange items and left. A white car parked in front of the store.
The woman entered the white car, a man passed the counter, and the white car left the camera's field of view
The silver car in the parking area drove toward the road below and stopped. A man in white came to the counter to exchange items and left the camera.
The woman entered the silver car and then the car left. The man in brown clothes came to the counter and exchanged items with the counter staff.
A man wearing a blue hat came to the store to buy something
The man in the blue hat came to the camera looking for something
A man in black with short hair stood in the hall with his arms akimbo
There are pedestrians walking in the distance
Changing advertisements on TV
A man in black got on the elevator in the distance
A woman in a red hat is wandering in the lower right corner
There are people in red walking in the distance
Three men are talking in front of the stage on the left
The camera is facing a square, and people are constantly walking around in the camera.
There is a man in black on the left, wearing white pants on the left and black pants on the right, working out
There are many people walking along the road
Someone is running along the road, followed by an ambulance
A man in red took off his vest
A man wearing an orange vest is running along the sidewalk
A man in black entered the store, and a female clerk in white came forward to introduce him.
The male clerk in white is packing things in the distance
A woman in white shorts walks from a distance
An old man in white walked in with a note in his hand
The male clerk in white walks behind the counter
The old man put the note on the counter
The woman in white shorts walks away and returns
Beauty in sandals is arranging her hair
A man in black is lowering his head
The black-haired female clerk took the black-haired man to the middle of the store
The old man turned and left the store
The woman in white shorts walked to the counter
Black-haired female clerk introduces products to a black-haired man
A blond woman called over and over again and walked into the store.
The blonde woman walked to the counter and sat down
The man in black leaves the store
The female clerk in white walked to the counter, took a white object and returned to the door
The male clerk in white came out with a broom to clean
A man with blond hair in yellow clothes walked to the clerk in white to talk, and the clerk in white followed him.
The male clerk in white handed the broom in his hand to the woman in white shorts
The woman in white shorts went aside to continue cleaning
The man in pink took out the money and put it on the counter
The man in pink picked up the things on the table
The man in pink puts the money in front of him and shows it
The man in pink put the money in his hand and stepped back a distance
The tablet on the screen is playing something, and people keep walking by in the distance
A man in white is coming
A man in white walks outside
Advertising is showing on the mobile phone screen
A man in white walked by
A man in black is looking at the product
A man in white came to fix something
A blond man walks into the camera
The man in white walked into the store and left again
The man in blue walks into the screen
A man in a blue and gray plaid shirt walked to the tablet to check it
A man in a blue and gray plaid shirt walked out of the store
A shirtless man and another man in blue walked in to check
A man in a white vest and another bald child walked into the store to check
A group of women in black vests walked into the store to check
A man in white walks into the store to check
The white car is reversing
There is a dog walking around on the road
There is a person crossing the road
The woman in blue is cleaning
The woman in red is closing the stall in the distance
A woman walked through the door
A man wearing a white peaked cap enters the door
A man wearing a white shirt walked into the door
A man wearing a white shirt with black stripes walked into the door
Two pedestrians, one wearing black clothes and the other wearing gray clothes, walked into the door
A man in blue clothes came out of the door
A man wearing a black and white striped shirt walked out of the door
A man wearing a plaid shirt walked into the door
A woman in gray clothes is talking to two men, one wearing gray clothes and the other wearing white clothes
A woman in red is talking to a man in black
A man in black is looking at the product
A man in black is collecting water
Several men walking around
A photographer is walking
The three people sitting on the left left
A woman in yellow clothes came over and put her bag on the table and turned around
Two passers-by pass by
A girl in yellow clothes and glasses handed something to the girl opposite
A man in a black suit came over and propped himself up on the table
The girl looked up and talked to the man while looking for things
The girl wearing glasses opposite took out something and handed it to the girl
The girl in yellow clothes puts on her bag and turns around
The girl opposite rolled her helmet with her left arm and turned her head to chat with the man.
A man and a woman in black clothes walked by holding hands, and a white car drove by at the same time.
A man in black clothes and a man in black and gray stripes walk out of the camera
Someone is walking on the road
A man with a blue bucket came out and placed the bucket on the roadside
After putting away the bucket, the man took out his mobile phone and left. A woman drove a red motorcycle and parked on the side of the road.
A man wearing a black jacket passed the woman, and the woman drove away on a motorcycle
Two women in black came out of the door and walked to the other side of the road
A man wearing a safety helmet walked to the pillar between the two cars and bent down
A woman in black clothes walked to the gray car
Two men, one wearing orange clothes and the other wearing a safety helmet, passed by the screen
Woman picks up the gas gun to refuel the car
The man in the yellow vest walks to the right side of the gray car on the right
The man wearing a safety helmet opened the car door to get something, then closed the car door
The man in the hard hat opened the car door, put his head around to get something, turned around and looked down
The man put his head in and came out and closed the door.
The woman walked to the left side of the car, opened the door and got in
A man wearing a red hat walked into the queue
The red hat man and a man left the crowd, the car started and drove away
The woman walked to the man and looked at it twice before raising her arms in the distance.
A car stopped on the side of the road, and two people walked over
The bus stopped, a few people got off the car, the door closed, and the car started
A train passes through the intersection on the road
At night, there are constant traffic and motorcycle riders passing by the intersection.
Many people ride electric bikes to turn right and go straight at the intersection
A person is running
The figure turned right and ran behind the vehicle
A white car drove out
The white car backed up a few meters and drove in the opposite direction.
A red train passed from above, and a white car drove into the parking lot below
A woman in black uniform is on the phone, turning around to get something
The paying woman in black squatted down
Several people walked into the hall
Several women chatting around the counter
The woman in black uniform at the counter left the counter for a few seconds to get something and came back to continue the conversation.
Many children wearing school uniforms came in
Children are looking for places to sit everywhere
A man came over
A black car turned and drove away
Three men wearing gray, beige and yellow walked side by side
A man wearing a helmet drove by on an electric bike
A white car turns and drives away
A person turns around in an electric car with a bag on his back
A man in an orange shirt enters the door and turns left
Three people, two men and one woman, entered the door one after another.
A woman wearing a white skirt and black coat enters the door
A woman wearing black stripes came in and took out her mobile phone to read while walking
A woman came in and stood behind the door to look outside and then turned around
A man in black clothes talks to another man with his arms crossed
A man puts his cup on the table
A man in dark blue clothes walked behind the counter with a cup of something
The man in black clothes came out from behind the counter with a cup and left
After the man returned to the car
Two women, one wearing a skirt and the other wearing pink clothes, are talking inside and outside the counter
A man in white clothes and black pants came to the counter to check, and a woman in white clothes passed by
A man wearing white clothes and black pants walks to the left
Two people, one wearing green clothes and the other wearing white clothes, walked to the right one behind the other.
A person wearing orange clothes walks into the screen and turns left
A girl wearing pink clothes walked into the door on the left
After three people walked into the door, a man in white walked out from the side
A man in blue clothes and a white hat walks through the hall
After two people entered the door, the man in white turned and stood
A person walks in the door and passes by someone.
After a girl in pink clothes walked out, a group of people came and dispersed in all directions and left the screen.
People in the office are sitting at their respective workstations and working
The camera angle is adjusted downward and then back again. There are three women working in the picture.
The camera switches to two men at work
A man in a black shirt and yellow shorts entered the supermarket and walked behind the shelves
A blonde woman walked from the door to behind the shelf
The blonde woman walked to the cashier and at the same time a man in black clothes entered the store
The blonde woman in black stood behind the cashier, then took out a small red leather bag from her bag and opened it to check.
A cashier in gray clothes walked to the counter, picked up the items and paid for the woman. The woman handed the money to the cashier.
The cashier in gray is looking for change, and the woman in black puts the goods into the bag
The woman in black took the change and turned to leave the store.
A man in black clothes walked into the counter and placed the goods in his hand on the counter. Then the man in black handed the change in his hand to the cashier in gray.
After counting the money, the cashier in gray took out a black bag. The man in black put the goods in his hand into the bag and turned around to leave the store.
A fat man in black walked in outside the door and stood behind
The man in black clothes and black trousers walked to the counter and handed the items in his hand to the cashier
The cashier operates the computer, and the man takes out his chest pocket
A white car turned into the parking lot
The white car stopped behind the black car
A man in black carrying something passed by a vehicle
A figure walked from a distance and walked behind a white car
A dog ran past, the passenger of the white car opened and got out, and passed by a man.
The co-pilot closed the door and left
A white car turned into the parking lot with its lights on.
The white car turned left and stopped, turning on the rear lights
The white car reverses and turns around
The white car continues to move forward and reverse, and turns the direction back
The white car drives forward a few steps and brakes
The white car takes a few steps back and the lights go out
A person carrying something passed by the vehicle and left
Several cars drove past the front of a green truck
The green truck turns, and an electric car passes next to it
The green truck stopped when it drove next to the red car, and several cars slowly met each other.
Two columns of traffic in different directions drive past
Three people wearing black clothes and white hats walking side by side
A truck is reversing
A few people sitting and chatting on the bus
The old man in the front row made a gesture
The bus was driving and stopped in front of several people
The lights in the car came on, the door opened, and several people got on the car one after another
The last man put in the coin and walked back, closing the door.
Turn off the lights in the car and continue driving.
A woman is sitting in the store reading a book and picking up a cup to her mouth
The woman took a sip of water and put the cup on the table
Women turn the book and continue reading
A woman walks up the stairs
Woman holds the guardrail up the stairs
A woman is packing things
Woman is packing things behind the guardrail
The woman walked to the stove to clean up
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants suddenly stood up while sitting at his desk at work
The man walked around the workstation and walked behind the wall
A man lies on a chair and spins in circles
The man stood up and said hello
The man continues to stand and make gestures and move forward and backward from time to time
The man waved his hand and walked to the cabinet
Men keep wandering around
The man bent over and touched something with one hand and then turned around
Man picks up things on the ground and puts them back
The man walked to the cabinet and took out things to play with
The man put the things back in the cabinet and came back and continued to touch things with one hand
The man picked up the things on the ground and put them under the cabinet
The man placed the items in the cabinet on the ground and walked away
The man picked up the broom to sweep the floor and put it back
The man took something to inflate something on the ground
The man picked up the things on the floor and put them back into the cabinet
The man took out something from another cabinet and stood there pulling it
The man observed the thing in his hand, walked a few steps and then stood still and continued to observe.
The man put the things back in the cabinet and came back and continued to touch things with one hand
The man took out his mobile phone and stood there to check
A red car crossed the road
Traffic on the road
A white car turns and passes by
Three cars passed by on the road, two cars drove back
A fire truck drove across the road
A bus passes by
A woman in yellow clothes walked by with an umbrella open, and two buses passed by
A man turned a motorcycle and drove into the road
A white car drove into the lane
The white car turned and stopped on the road
A woman passes by the white car
A black car parked slowly behind the red car, and a purple car drove by
The black car turned right after the purple car drove away.
A black car came and parked behind the vehicle
A man in gray clothes walked to two women carrying something
Three women picked up the food served by the man and ate it
The man in gray clothes left with something
The man in purple came and wiped his hands and mouth
The man in purple picked up a piece of clothing, looked at it and put it down again
The man in red moved his chair and walked behind the man in purple
Two women walked behind the man in purple to look at the clothes
The man in purple walked to the two women to observe
The man in red moved his chair and walked to the back
Two women looked at their clothes, and men kept passing behind them
The man in red moves the chair
The man in purple walked to the table to look at something
A woman transfers the contents of the shopping cart to the table
The woman turned the shopping cart and pushed it away
The man took something out of his pocket and handed it to the woman
The woman turned around and operated the cashier to open the drawer
Screen transition: Several passers-by pass by the mall entrance
Two cars passed by the road next to the parking lot
A car drives by and the screen changes
Still picture of a white car parked at the door of the house
A man in a blue hat dances and talks to the man opposite
The two walked to the front cabinet together
Screen transition: A woman passes by the door of a store
Man sits in front of the computer and leans back with his chest crossed
The man suddenly sat up and leaned forward
The man did not move for a few seconds and then leaned back
The man is touching the computer on the table in front of him
The man closes the computer
The man put away the computer
The man stood the computer back on the table
Man adjusts the position of the computer
The man stood up and walked out
The man walked outside the door and stood with his head raised
The man is motionless
The man moved twice
The man turned around and returned to the house
The man sat on the chair and leaned on the table to write something
The man continues to write
A man walked to the door
The man opened the door and left with something in his arms
A man walked to the door
The man opens the door and enters
A person comes out of the door and walks out
A woman wearing purple clothes came rolling up her sleeves
A bald man in a black suit walked out
A man wearing white clothes and a blue hat walked by carrying something
A man wearing gray clothes and black pants walked to the end of the corridor and stopped with his hands on his hips
The man turned around and walked to the door and turned around to look
The man walked to the man in front of him after talking to him in floral clothes.
A woman in a gray coat walked by, then turned left and entered the door
The corridor is always empty
A woman goes out and passes by two men
The corridor is always empty
A man in white walked by
A woman walked by, and several children were playing around
The camera shifts twice, there are many children in the house
Four children sitting around the table playing
Three girls sitting, two little boys standing
A woman wearing gray clothes and brown boots walked to the counter and stood
The woman wearing a black coat behind the counter came over to communicate.
A woman in red with food in her hand walked to the counter
The woman in the black coat puts the food into the bag and packs it
A woman in a black coat is writing something
Women in black coats raise their heads to communicate
The gray woman took the things and left
There are trucks passing by
Two trucks pass by the black car
A yellow truck passed by
Four trucks pass by the black car
A car passes by the black car
Two trucks pass by the black car
A truck passes by the black car
A short truck passed by the black car
Two trucks pass by the black car
Three trucks passed by the black car
A person walked by and two trucks passed by
Three trucks passed by the black car
A truck passed by and a person walked by
Two trucks pass by the black car
A woman wearing red clothes walked in from the door
Two people pushing a stroller walked past the second floor
A man in black walked by pushing a cart
A woman in black left the door pushing a stroller
A large group of people entered from the door
People keep coming in with baskets
Crowds of people lined up to enter
Two women turned to the right
The women on the right are placing clothes on the shelves
A man walks around taking pictures with his mobile phone
After taking the photo, the man turned around and took back his phone
Crowds at the door continue to enter
The man continued to raise his mobile phone to take pictures
A few people walked to the area on the right
Crowds enter the area to visit and view
A large number of people have entered
Several people are viewing in the area on the right
Two people walked out from the right
Two people walked out from the right
The cameraman left, and the two women were holding clothes in front of the shelves
A woman enters with a clothes hanger
A group of people entered the house from the door
A man walked to the right area and wandered around to check
Two women enter the right area
A group of people enter the house
Two men took things and entered the right area
Several men are trying on hats
A few more people come to look at the hats
Two women enter the right area to check their clothes
A few more people come to look at the hats
There are people constantly coming and going in the right area
A few people came in and a few people went out at the door
A group of people came in
A man in white leaves the door
The photographer walked to the left and left the screen
A man walks to the right and the photographer comes back
The photographer held the camera and continued shooting
The photographer put down the camera and turned around, a group of people entered the door
Everyone looks at things in place, and the photographer looks around
The photographer walked forward, and two women came out from the right
The crowd is surging, a few people are going out
A woman walked out from the right holding clothes
The woman left with clothes, and a man entered with clothes.
There is a group of people entering at the door
Several people pack clothes
A man tries on a hat, the photographer adjusts the camera
There is a group of people entering at the door
The photographer puts the camera on his shoulder
After a group of people went out, another group of people came in
The photographer put down the camera and walked to the door
The photographer chatted with the person for a few words and then went out
The man at the bottom of the screen has been trying on hats
A woman came in and asked for directions and then left.
After a group of people went out, another group of people came in
After a group of people went out, another group of people came in
The man at the door leaned against the glass and looked around
A woman enters the right area
Two women on the right are picking up clothes to check
Two women came out from the right to the left
Two men go out
A man in white enters the right area
Another group of people came in
A man stood at the door holding the glass door with one hand
A man in white came in and stood next to the man in red with his chest crossed.
A man pushing a cart from the right area to the left
A man in white came to the door and chatted with two men
A group of people followed through the door
A man in purple clothes and two women in red clothes walked to the wall
A man in red walks out
A man in white enters
The man in purple also walked to the counter on the left
A man in white walked to the counter behind the man in blue
Two women walked to the outside counter
A few more people came in and wandered around the counter
A man walked to the counter to communicate with the woman
A man in white stood at the counter and looked around with his arms crossed.
The three of them looked outside, and a man in white clothes and purple sleeves entered the screen.
The man walked to the counter and the woman walked to the inside to communicate with others
Everyone stood and talked.
The man in blue turned his back
The man in blue is facing the woman again, and the man in white behind him is observing things with his hands on his hips.
The man in blue leaves the screen after talking
Two more people left the screen
The woman at the counter comes out of the counter and follows her away from the screen
A car drove past several pedestrians walking on the road
A tricycle drove by and a man pulled a trailer.
Two people then pulled the trailer and walked past
Passengers walking
A man pulling a cart of things came and stopped
A man came over pulling a cart of things
A person riding a bicycle stopped and waited for the tow truck to pass by.
The crowd gathers together
The man on the bicycle stepped back and watched behind the crowd
The crowd moves forward
People keep walking forward
Several people walked into the shed
A person carrying things passing by the crowd
Several people stood outside the house and watched
People keep coming back
The crowd flows together to watch
Several people left, and the crowd moved and stood on the stage to watch.
People keep coming into the room, and some people stand on the platform.
The crowd gathered in the lower right corner to watch
Some people join the crowd to watch
A man stands with arms crossed and walks outside the crowd
Several people standing on the stage
Crowds gathered to continue watching
One person jumps off the stage and another person walks up
A person jumped on the stage to take a look and then jumped down and left.
A few people started to leave
A few people stood looking down with their hands on their hips.
Several onlookers walked forward
A child ran over
Several people walked over and stopped next to the crowd
People stand under the shed
Many passers-by left, and the crowd surrounded the shed
The crowd left with many people
The crowd of onlookers gradually left and dispersed
A few people walked forward with their arms crossed
There are people coming and going all the time
A man pulling a cart of goods passed by
The three people walked forward and left the screen
A person stood with his chest crossed, and a person walked past him
Two people turned and left
People come and go, and a person comes carrying something
A man walked over pushing an empty cart
A man walked over pushing an empty cart
Several passers-by passed by
A tricycle drove by
A motorcycle passes by and a person pulls the car past
A man passed quickly on a motorcycle
A man walked by pulling a cart of things
A man walked by with a box of things on his head
A passerby stopped next to a standing person
A person wanders in place with his hands behind his back and then leaves.
A passerby walked by
A person turns his head and waves his hand
A man in white goes out and stands at the door
A group of people walked by and stood at the door
Two men leave
A man in a white hat turned around and talked with the two people
A person enters the door, and a group of people walk through the door
The man in white stands opposite the man in brown
The man in white turned around and left covering his face
A passerby passed by two people
The man in brown leaves and the man in green comes
The man in green leaves, and a man in white runs away
A man walked by carrying two boxes, followed by a group of people
A few more people walked by
Several people stood at the door and looked at the people passing by
A group of people stood together and watched
A person turned and left
A man turned around and walked into the house with one hand on his hips
A man passing by carrying a sack of things
The man in yellow robe walked to the door and stood with his arms crossed
Some people are standing at the door buying things
Some people passed by and left
A few people walked back
The crowd moves forward to gather
The man in white enters the house
A man in black stood at the door and looked towards the crowd.
The man in white came out of the door and stood next to the woman
A man in brown clothes came out of the house and looked towards the crowd.
The man in white enters the door
A man walked to the crowd to watch
The man in black stood at the door of the store and wandered
Several people watching in the crowd
Two people gradually joined the crowd to watch
The woman leaves and the man in white talks to the man next to him
The man in white waved his arms and talked and then stood up on the steps
The man in white puts the bag on the table and talks to the woman
The man in white hands something to the woman
The man in white put the money in his pocket and left with the woman.
A man stretched and walked to the side and stood with his hands behind his back.
A person walks into the house
A person bent down at the door carrying something and left, and another person came in.
A white car drives away
A red car drove into the parking space
Another red car drove over and parked next to it
Two people got out of the red car in the parking space
The two people who got off the red car left
Three people passed by
A man walked behind the counter and picked up the things on the table to play with
The man bent down to pick up the things below and play with them
The man took out a box of things and put them in another box
The man puts the box back on top
The man picked up the box on the table, looked at it, put it down and left
No one passes the supermarket counter
The man walked past the counter with his hands behind his back
The man walked to the counter and left
No one passes the supermarket counter
The man passed behind the counter and left
No one passes by the supermarket counter
A girl walked to the counter, and the man looked at his mobile phone and walked behind the counter
The two leave
No one passes by the supermarket counter
A black man walked to the counter
The man walked to the counter to change money for the black man
Black people leave
The man walks away after standing idle
The man returns to the counter
A bald man came to the counter and pointed at the shelf to select
Men select goods for them
Bald head walks away after checkout
The man leaves
The man walked around from the front to the back of the counter and walked away
The man was pacing back and forth at the counter holding the phone
The man in red shirt came to the counter to pay and then walked away
Man in hat standing in front of the counter
The man in the red shirt came to the counter again to pay and then walked away
#The man in the hat walks away after paying the bill
The man in gray shirt walked to the counter
A man in a hat and a man in a dark blue shirt came to the counter to check out and walked away
The man in gray shirt took the book handed to him by the counter and recorded it.
The man in gray shirt leaves
The man walked up after pacing repeatedly
A woman wearing patterned clothes came to the counter, and a man came to help her check out
The man walked by carrying a ladder
On the left side of the counter stood a man wearing blue short-sleeves chatting with a bald man standing under the counter.
The man in blue short-sleeves is smiling and chatting to the bald man.
The man in blue short-sleeved fist bumps with the bald man
The bald man walked deeper into the store.
The bald man stands on the right side of the shelf, and the man in blue clothes communicates with the bald man
A woman in black is walking towards the counter on the lower side of the shelf
The bald man walked towards the bottom of the counter.
The bald man stands under the counter
The man in blue is paying the bill to the woman in black.
The man in blue walked to the counter and gave something to the woman in black
The man in blue and the woman in black walked towards the bottom of the counter while chatting.
The man in blue and the bald man slowly walked under the counter while chatting.
The man in blue walked to the left side of the counter and looked at the shelves, and then walked to the underside of the counter.
The man in blue and the bald man were chatting while walking to the counter and looking at the shelves.
The man in blue and the bald man walked to the upper side of the counter and then to the shelves.
The man in blue and the bald man slowly walked into the aisle.
The two people walking into the shelf aisle were chatting while walking deeper into the shelf.
There are three shelves and a counter in a store.
The bald man quickly walked away from the shelf, walked towards the bottom of the counter and walked out.
The man in blue walked to the inside of the counter and looked at the bottom of the counter
The man in blue is sorting things on the counter.
The man in blue walked to the bottom of the counter and walked out.
A bald man walked out from under the counter
The man in blue walked out from the left side of the counter.
A man in white clothes walks towards the shelves
A man wearing a red hat walked to the counter.
The man in the red hat chats with the man in blue
The man in white walked to the counter with something in his hand.
The man in white is communicating with the man in blue at the counter, and the man in blue is tidying up the counter.
The bald man walked out from under the counter and walked towards the shelves
The man in blue and the man in red hat are communicating at the counter.
The man in red hat stood on the right side of the counter, waiting for the man in blue to pay him.
The man in the red hat slowly walked out from under the counter with something in his hand.
The man in blue is tidying up the counter.
An old man in blue clothes quickly walked out from under the counter and walked to the counter to communicate with the man in blue.
A man in white with a phone walked out from the right side of the shelf and walked out under the counter.
An old man in blue clothes is chatting with the man in blue clothes in front of the counter and putting things in front of the counter
The old man in blue clothes walked to the bottom of the counter and walked out.
The man in blue strolled to the left side of the counter and then walked under the counter and walked out.
The man in blue and the man in white slowly walked out from under the counter while chatting and walking towards the top of the counter.
The man in white and the man in blue are facing the shelf and communicating, with their hands pointing to the shelf.
The man in white on the counter is talking while looking at the shelves.
The man in blue walked to the left side of the counter to communicate with the man in white.
The man in blue and the man in white stood in front of the counter, holding something and chatting.
A woman in black walked out from under the counter and quickly walked towards the shelves.
A woman in white walked out from under the counter and quickly walked towards the shelves.
A man in blue was chatting with a bald man under the counter. The man in blue looked at the things on the counter.
A woman in white and a man in black walked out of the counter and walked towards the counter to check out.
The man in black and the woman in white in front of the counter left from under the counter.
In a store there is a counter and three shelves filled with products.
The man in blue walked out from the left side of the counter and bent down to look at the things underground.
The man in blue and the bald man shook hands and said goodbye to each other
The man in blue walked to the front of the counter.
The man in blue slowly walked to the bottom of the counter and walked out.
The man in blue walked toward the counter from the right side of the house.
The man in blue walked to the upper side of the counter and looked at the things on the shelves.
The man in blue on the upper side of the counter went to the lower side of the counter to tidy up the counter.
The man in blue turned around and sorted the shelves.
There are some cars parked on both sides of the road.
Two men slowly passed by the road.
A silver-white car passed by on the road and then drove out
Two men slowly passed by the road
A man in a white hat quickly walked out of the right side of the road and walked towards a red car.
The red car quickly drove out from the left side of the road.
A black electric car drove out on the left side of the road and drove out on the right side of the road.
An electric car exits the left side of the road and drives to the right side of the road
The man in black on the right side of the road slowly walks towards the left side of the road.
A man in red and a woman in green walked out of the right side of the road and walked towards the center of the road.
A man in black walked out of the lower side of the road and walked towards the white car on the upper side of the road.
A woman in black walked out of the left side of the road and walked towards the path on the lower side of the road.
The man in black is walking sideways on the road.
The man in black slowly walked out from the lower side of the road.
Two people walked out from the right side of the road while chatting and walked to the left side of the road followed by a man in gray.
A man in black walked out from the lower side of the road and walked to the red car on the upper side of the road.
A silver car quickly exited the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road
The man in black walked to the bottom of the road and walked to the right
The man in black walked towards the white car on the upper side of the road.
The man in black walked to the right side of the road and walked out
A man in white walked out on the left side of the road.
The man in white walked towards the brown car, and a man in black followed him.
A red car quickly exited the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road
Several people walked out on the left side of the road.
A white van drove out of the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road
There are three people walking towards the left side of the road.
A brown car drove to the right side of the road and drove away
A man in black walked out from the lower side of the road.
A man in white walked out of the left side of the road and walked towards the path on the lower side of the road.
A man in black walked out from the lower side of the road and circled the white car.
A man in black walked out of the lower side of the road and walked towards the white car on the upper side of the road.
Several people walked out from the lower side of the road and walked out to the left side of the road.
In a three-story shopping mall, there are several people walking quickly on the road.
There are three floors in a shopping mall, and a number of people are taking the elevator
There are two rows of shelves in a supermarket, and a number of people are shopping.
On the right side of the shelf, a woman in blue pushed a cart to the upper side of the shelf
A woman in blue on the lower side of the shelf looked towards the freezer on the left to select products.
A woman in blue pushed a cart to the upper shelf to buy goods.
The woman in blue walked to the center shelf to select products and put them in the shopping cart.
Three men walked out of the freezer on the right side and slowly walked towards the upper shelf.
On the upper shelf, a man in black is picking oranges and then communicating with a person.
The freezer on the left. A woman in blue pushed a shopping cart towards the freezer on the right.
On the upper side of the freezer on the right side, a woman in white is pushing a shopping cart with her child to the freezer below.
A man in white walked out of the freezer on the left and pushed a cart towards the central container.
The man in white pushed the cart to the upper side of the shelf and then pushed it out.
The woman in blue next to the lower shelf walked to the center to select products.
There are several people selecting products on the upper shelf
A man in gray clothes walked out of the left side of the shelf and walked to the right shelf to select products.
A bald man and a woman in gray walked out of the left side of the freezer and walked towards the lower freezer.
The bald man and the woman in gray communicated with each other and looked at the shelves on the left.
The bald man and the woman in gray went to the freezer on the left to select products.
A woman in green walked out of the shelf and pushed a cart to the right side of the shelf.
There are a number of people pushing carts to the left side of the shelves to select products.
A man in gray clothes pushing a shopping cart walked out from the right side of the freezer and pushed it to the left side of the freezer.
There is a man in brown clothes standing in the freezer on the right side and walking towards the shelves on the right side to select products.
A woman in blue pushed a cart slowly around the shelves.
The woman in blue pushed the shopping cart and looked at the freezer on the right and then walked to the right side of the shelf.
There were a number of people on the upper side of the shelf quickly passing by the counter and walking out.
A man in black pushed a shopping cart to the right side of the freezer to select items.
There are several people pushing shopping carts from the left side of the freezer to the right side of the freezer to select products.
A woman in green walked out from the right side of the freezer pushing a shopping cart to the upper side of the counter.
A woman wearing black clothes walked past the counter and walked to the right side of the shelf.
A woman pushing a shopping cart walked out from the right side of the shelf and walked to the left side of the counter.
A woman in black holding a shopping basket walked out of the left side of the shelf and walked towards the freezer on the left.
A man in black with a shopping cart walked out of the freezer on the right side and pushed it to the right side of the shelf.
A woman in black is holding a shopping basket and looking at the freezer on the right to select products.
The woman in brown clothes pushed the shopping cart quickly towards the freezer on the right side.
The man in black looked at the freezer on the left and then slowly walked towards the shelf.
A woman in blue looks at the products in the freezer on the left, and a woman in brown is selecting products in the freezer on the right.
The woman in brown clothes pushed the shopping cart and looked at the freezer on the right, and then took the products in the freezer.
A man in black quickly pushed the cart to the right side of the shelf and then pushed it to the counter.
On a road during the day, a blue car was parked.
A white truck backed into the center of the road and then opened the door.
The white truck got off and a man in green walked to the lower side of the road and disappeared from sight.
On a road, a blue car quickly reversed into the center of the road.
A blue car quickly drove to the right side of the road and then left the field of vision.
In an indoor room, a man in gray clothes opened the door and walked into the room.
The man in gray walked out of the room and walked to the left side of the table, looking at the ground.
The man in gray slowly walked to the computer desk, turned on the computer, and sat on the chair.
There is a green tractor parked in a gas station with two people sitting on it.
A man in purple clothes holds a refueling gun and adds a green tractor.
A man in purple clothes walked towards the tractor and handed things to the people on the tractor.
A woman in white holding a yellow umbrella slowly walked towards the center of the road.
A man in white clothes pushed a tricycle towards the gas station.
A man in purple clothes stands next to the gas pump
The man in white communicates with the man in purple.
The man in purple and the man in green on the green tractor are chatting, and the man in white looks at the gas pump.
The green tractor slowly drove to the right side of the road, and then drove to the upper side of the road.
A white man walks towards the gas pump, and a man in brown clothes rides on a red motorcycle.
On a bus, a teacher stood at the back of the bus, with three children sitting in the first row.
The children in gray clothes and the children in brown clothes in the first row look at the teacher behind them.
The child in brown clothes looks forward. The child in gray clothes is chatting with the girl in red next to him.
The child in gray clothes pulls the child in brown clothes to chat.
The two children in the third row were playing with each other, and the teacher was acting next to them.
The child in gray clothes grabbed the ear of the child in brown clothes and spoke to him.
The two children in the third row touched the children in the second row with their hands, playing with each other.
The child in brown clothes turned and rushed to the children in the third row. They were chatting with each other.
The teacher went to the first row to help the child in gray open things for him.
The teacher walked to the back of the carriage and picked up a child in orange clothes
The teacher helped the child in orange clothes hold the schoolbag and handed it to the parents
Hand the schoolbag of the child in gray clothes to the parents.
The teacher stood in front of the carriage, then walked to the back of the carriage to sit down.
The teacher is sitting at the back of the carriage.
The girl in red clothes points her finger to the child in brown clothes
The teacher walked to the second row and took the school bag and asked the children in the second row to get up and get out of the car.
The teacher handed the schoolbag to the parents, and then stood in front of the carriage.
The teacher stood in front of the carriage chatting with the girl in red clothes.
The teacher walked to the middle of the carriage and stood looking outside the carriage
The child in brown clothes is playing with something in his hand.
The child in brown clothes looks at the book of the child in red clothes.
The teacher walked to the back of the carriage and sat down
The child in red clothes is looking at the book in his hand, and the child in brown clothes is looking through his school bag.
The child in red clothes is reading the book seriously, and the child in brown clothes is looking at the child in red clothes.
The child in brown clothes opened the book and looked at the child in red clothes.
The child in brown clothes is reading the book seriously, and the child in red clothes is holding the book and looking out of the carriage.
The child in brown clothes and the child in red clothes are reading at the same time
The children in the third row are chatting with the teacher behind them.
The children in the third row are playing with the children in the same row, and the teacher is watching from behind.
The teacher and the child in brown clothes, the child in red clothes look towards the outside of the car
The children in the third row are playing.
The child in brown clothes and the child in red clothes are holding books and chatting with each other.
The children in the third row left their seats and started playing with the children in the fourth row.
The child in red clothes and the child in brown clothes are chatting.
The teacher handed the child to the parents outside
The teacher sat in the second row, and then the child in brown clothes turned back to communicate with the teacher with a book.
The teacher holds a book and teaches the child in brown clothes, and the child in brown clothes listens carefully.
The child in brown clothes is facing forward and looking at the book seriously, and the child in red clothes is looking at the book seriously.
The teacher turned around and chatted with the children in the third row, chatting happily.
The teacher read to the children with a book, and the children listened carefully.
The teacher is reading. The child in brown clothes looks straight ahead, and the child in red clothes looks at the child in brown clothes.
The child in brown clothes took the book and turned around to chat with the teacher. The teacher chatted with him enthusiastically.
The teacher handed the book to the child in red clothes and the child in brown clothes.
The child in brown clothes is holding a book and looking straight ahead, and the child in red clothes is looking at the child in brown clothes.
The teacher looked back at the children in the third row. The children in brown clothes were reading the book seriously.
The child in brown clothes was very happy holding the book and then looked at the child in red clothes.
The teacher looks straight ahead
The child in red clothes reads the book seriously, and the child in brown clothes looks at the child in red clothes.
The child in brown clothes looks at the child in red clothes, and the teacher looks out of the car.
The teacher stood up and helped the child in orange clothes to get off the car.
The teacher sent away the child in orange clothes and said hello and goodbye. The child in brown clothes was reading seriously.
The teacher sits in the third row and communicates with the children in the fourth row. The children in red clothes look at the children in brown clothes.
The child in brown clothes is holding a book and looking outside the carriage, and the teacher is pointing to the outside of the carriage.
The child in brown clothes and the child in red clothes looked outside the car at the same time.
The child in brown clothes is holding a book and communicating with the child in red clothes.
The teacher looked outside the carriage. The child in red clothes and the child in brown clothes pretended to be talking on the phone to each other.
The child in brown clothes and the child in red clothes turned to look at the teacher, talking and laughing with the teacher.
The teacher stood up and took the schoolbag on the chair opposite. The child in red clothes was packing his schoolbag.
The teacher handed the schoolbag to the people outside, and then stood in the second row and chatted with the children in brown clothes.
The teacher chatted happily to the child in brown clothes, and the child in brown clothes looked at the teacher.
The teacher stood in the second row and looked outside the carriage. The child in brown clothes was playing with something.
The teacher is pretending to be on the phone and playing with the children in brown clothes and the children in red clothes. ,
The teacher happily stood in the second row and chatted happily with several children.
The child in red clothes points to the outside of the car, and the child in brown clothes plays with a book.
The teacher turned sideways and looked out of the car, and the child in brown clothes turned to look at the teacher.
The teacher walked towards the child in brown clothes and played with him. The child in red clothes looked out of the car.
The teacher smiled brightly, pretending to be on the phone and playing games with the child in brown clothes.
The teacher pretended to be on the phone while looking outside the car.
A woman in black stood next to a cashier, and then a customer walked out holding a Sprite.
The cashier helps the customer check out, and then the customer puts the items on the shopping cart.
The cashier gave the customer money, and another customer was putting things on the cashier.
The cashier helped another customer organize the goods for carryout and packaging.
There are a number of people waiting to board the plane in a waiting hall.
In an office, a man in blue clothes walked towards the desk.
The man in blue clothes lay in front of the desk, then turned around and walked down.
A clerk in white clothes is at the counter.
A man in a plaid shirt stands in front of the counter in a store
The clerk came to check out for him
The man in plaid shirt left the store
A blond woman walked into the store and walked towards the counter.
The picture shows an outdoor parking lot with many cars parked inside. There is a building in the upper left corner of the parking lot.
A large white box truck and a white box truck on the left side of the parking lot drove to the top of the parking lot and reversed.
The picture shows an open-air parking lot with many cars parked in the parking lot and a large warehouse above the parking lot.
In the upper right corner of the parking lot, a large truck with a white front and a blue cargo box drove to the top of the parking lot and turned to the left, heading towards the left side of the parking lot.
A black car on the left drove to the left side of the parking lot and left.
A black pickup truck drives out of the screen on the left side of the parking lot.
In the lower left corner of an office is a table and black chairs. There is a cleaning staff in a yellow shirt and a woman in a gray dress.
The woman in gray leaves the room and walks to the right and opens the door to leave.
The cleaning staff who are cleaning the room are working from right to left, and then disappear on the left side of the room
A roadside, above the road is a row of vendors setting up stalls, and many pedestrians are walking on the road
On the left side of the road, a man wearing a white shirt and jeans and a man in black clothes and black trousers walked to the shop on the upper left side of the road and waited, then left on the right side of the road.
A woman in a white striped top and brown pants entered on the right side of the road and walked to the front of the store at the top of the screen to talk to the man in black.
An old man wearing a black shirt and jeans on the right side of the road pushed an old man in red in a wheelchair and left on the left side of the road.
On the right side of the road, a man wearing a black shirt and jeans walked to the upper left corner of the road and looked at the shop above.
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans on the right walked from the left side of the road to the right side of the road and left.
In the upper left corner of the road, a man in white and a woman in black and black pants walked to the right side of the road after watching.
At night, there is a red and white light sign below the road. A white car and two motorcycles pass by from the upper left corner of the road to the lower left corner.
Many motorcycles pass by on both sides of the road.
Many vehicles are driving on the road, including cars and motorcycles
A red car in the upper left corner of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road, stayed briefly, and then left the lower right corner of the road.
Eight motorcycles in the upper left corner of the road passed the lower right corner of the road one after another
Many cars in the upper left corner of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road.
A man in black riding an electric bicycle waited below the road and then rode an electric bicycle to the top of the road.
A woman on the left walked to the right side of the road
At the upper left corner of the road, a white car drove in and left at the lower right corner of the road.
Two silver-gray SUVs drove into the right side of the road and drove to the upper left corner of the road.
Multiple motorcycles and a white car on the left passed through the lower right corner of the road.
Two cars and a yellow taxi in the upper left corner of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road
A white SUV in the upper left corner of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road
A blue van in the lower right corner drove to the upper left corner of the road
A black car passes from the upper left corner of the road to the lower right corner of the road
Eight motorcycles in the upper left corner of the road pass on the right side in the lower right corner of the road
A black van in the upper left corner of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road
A black jeep entered the upper left corner of the road and drove to the lower right corner of the road
A group of traffic flows from the upper left corner of the road to the lower right corner of the road one after another
A man with a blue scarf, gray top and black pants next to the blue car in the middle of the road walked to the lower right corner of the road and left.
A black car in the upper left corner of the road drove to the lower right corner of the road
A black-clothed person riding an electric bicycle drove a black-clothed person on an electric bicycle to the lower right corner of the road.
Multiple electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove in one after another, and then drove to the upper left corner of the road
Several electric vehicles and cars in the upper left corner passed the lower right corner of the road
A silver van with blue stripes drove from the upper left corner of the road to the lower right corner of the road and left
A black car on the right side of the road drove past the top of the road
A group of electric vehicles and a yellow taxi passed by the lower right corner of the road in the upper left corner of the road
A black SUV and two electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove over the road
Two motorcycles in the upper left corner drove past the lower right corner of the road.
A woman in black clothes, black pants and a blue backpack walked to the top of the road on the lower left side of the road
A white car on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road and left.
Six electric vehicles, a black car and a yellow taxi drove past the upper left side of the road, passing through the lower right side of the road.
On the left side of the road, a man with yellow patterns on the sleeves of a black jacket walked to the right side of the road
A silver car drove into the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A man in black crosses the road on the upper right side of the road and walks to the left side of the road
A silver SUV and a white car drove in from the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road.
A white SUV on the upper left side of the road drove from above to the bottom of the road and left.
An electric vehicle drove past the lower right side of the road and drove off on the upper left side of the road.
A white car on the right side of the road drove over the road
An electric car above drives to the lower right
A silver vehicle on the left side of the road drove past the lower right corner of the road
There are vehicles driving into the lower right side of the road on the upper left side of the road, and a small number of cars on the right side.
A silver-gray van entered at the upper left of the road and left at the lower right of the road
Several cars passed by on the upper left side of the road.
Many electric vehicles pass the lower right side of the road
There are many vehicles passing by from the upper left side of the road to the lower right side of the road.
In the middle of the road, a man in a brown shirt and jeans carrying a white plastic bag left at the bottom right of the road.
A silver van and a motorcycle walked past the lower right side of the road.
A silver-gray van on the upper left side of the road drove to the right side of the road, stopped on the right side for a while, and then drove away.
In the middle of the road, a woman in a yellow top and black pants walked to the lower right side of the road
A black SUV above the road drove past the lower right side of the road
A black electric car above the road drives to the lower right side of the road
The white vehicle on the top of the road drives away at the bottom right
The black car above the road stayed on the right side of the road for a while and then drove away.
Multiple electric vehicles passed by on the upper left side of the road
A black SUV drove past the lower right side of the road
Multiple electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by the lower right side of the road
Vehicles on the right drive towards the top of the road in turn
Multiple electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by the lower right side of the road
Vehicles on the right drive to the top of the road and queue up for the red light
A silver car and a white car passed by on the upper left side of the road, and the two cars left the lower right side of the road.
An electric car, a brown jeep and a yellow car drove into the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A white SUV drove into the upper left side of the road and drove away at the lower right side of the road.
A man in the middle of the road got into a blue car with flashing lights on the roadside and drove to the lower right side of the road
Several electric vehicles pass by the lower right side of the road
A woman in white walked in at the lower right side of the road and walked to the top of the road
An electric car appeared on the top of the road and drove off at the bottom right of the road.
A man in a black shirt and brown pants walked into the lower right side of the road and walked towards the top of the road
Nine electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road and left.
A white electric car drove to the left side of the road, at the billboard.
A black car passed by the upper left corner of the road and exited at the lower right corner of the road.
A silver car and four electric cars drove into the upper left side of the road and multiple cars passed by and left at the lower right and upper side of the road respectively.
An electric car on the right side of the road drives towards the top of the road
A white car on the right side of the road drove to the top of the road, a silver car on the left side drove to the lower right side of the road, and a silver van on the right side drove to the top
Three cars came from the upper left side of the road and drove past the lower right side. Seven electric vehicles behind them drove through the lower right side of the road.
A silver SUV drove into the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A white car drove into the upper left side of the road and drove to the lower right side of the road.
A small truck with a blue front and a green cargo box on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road
Two electric vehicles drove from the upper left corner of the road to the lower right corner
A large number of vehicles and electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove past the right side of the road in sequence
A large number of vehicles passing by on the upper left side of the road
The black car and the red car on the upper left drove to the lower right of the road, stayed for a while and then drove away
Two electric vehicles on the upper left drive to the lower right of the road
A man in a white striped shirt holding a courier box on the lower right side of the road enters the screen and walks to the top
The white vehicle on the left side of the road turned around and stopped in the middle of the road, and the black vehicle on the right side turned around and stopped in the middle of the road and stopped on the left side.
A yellow taxi on the lower right side of the road drives to the top of the road
Two electric vehicles on the upper left drive to the lower right of the road. During this period, multiple electric vehicles drive from the upper left to the lower right of the road.
A silver car and two electric cars drove into the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road. A silver car drove to the lower right side of the road.
A silver van drove into the upper left side of the road and drove to the lower right side of the road, and a car drove to the top of the road on the right side
Several electric vehicles passed by on the upper left side of the road and drove to the lower right side of the road.
A silver van, a yellow taxi, and an electric car passed by the lower right side of the road on the upper left side of the road.
A man in white rides a blue electric car on the upper left side of the road to the lower right side
A blue pickup truck drove in on the upper left side of the road, pulling a load of gas tanks behind it, and drove off on the lower right side of the road.
An electric vehicle drives from the upper left side of the road to the lower right side of the road
Multiple electric vehicles and a yellow taxi drove from the upper left side of the road to the lower right side of the road.
Multiple electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove past the lower right side of the road.
An electric car passed by on the upper left side of the road, a white car and a yellow SUV passed by on the lower right side of the road.
A car with yellow lights on the upper left side of the road passed by the lower right side of the road and an electric car passed by one after another.
Seven electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road pass through the lower right side of the road in sequence
A white car on the upper left side of the road drives to the lower right side of the road
On the left side of the road, a man in a gray shirt and black pants carrying a box ran to the lower right side of the road.
Many electric vehicles and a black car drove past the lower right side of the road on the upper left side of the road.
A blue truck and several electric vehicles passed by the lower right side of the road on the upper left side of the road.
A blue car on the upper left side of the road drives past the lower right side of the road
A silver car drove into the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A black jeep, a black car, multiple electric vehicles and a bicycle drove to the lower right side of the road on the upper left side of the road.
The black car parked on the left side of the road started and then drove away at the lower right side of the road.
Two electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove past the top of the road.
An electric vehicle on the upper left side of the road drives to the right side of the road, and an electric vehicle on the right side drives above the road
A man in a pink shirt above the road rode an electric bicycle to the lower right side of the road
Many electric vehicles passed by on the upper left side of the road and on the lower right side of the road. A white SUV drove from the upper left to the lower right side of the road.
A man in black and a woman in black on the right side of the road walked across the road to the lower right
Four electric vehicles passed in sequence on the upper left side of the road, then a black car and a white car drove to the lower right side of the road.
Two electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove past the lower right side of the road, and an electric vehicle on the right side drove to the top of the road.
A man in black rode a white electric car at the bottom of the road and drove to the top. A silver car drove in on the right and then drove to the top of the road.
A white car entered on the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by the lower right side of the road
Vehicles on the right drive towards the top of the road in turn
Multiple electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove to the top of the road in turn.
During the day, there is a red and white light sign under the road and a silver vehicle parked in the lower right corner
A person in black on the upper left side of the road rode a bicycle to the lower right side of the road, and an electric vehicle drove to the top of the road on the right side
A silver car on the right side of the road drove to the center of the road, turned around in the middle of the road, and drove into the lower right corner of the road with an electric car.
A silver van and several electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove into the top of the road, and a blue truck on the right stopped at the left side of the road.
A white car on the right side of the road drove to the top of the road
A large blue truck pulled a load of iron barrels from behind on the upper left side of the road and drove to the lower right side of the road.
A silver van on the right side of the road drove to the top of the road
A man in black on the right crossed the road and walked to the left side of the road
A black car drove to the lower right side of the road
Two electric vehicles and a dark green van on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road.
Five electric vehicles and a red car passed by in sequence on the upper left side of the road and two cars drove to the lower right side of the road.
A silver van drove in on the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A man in pink and a man in black on the right walked to the building on the upper right side of the road
A white car and a silver car on the upper left side of the road drove into the lower right side of the road.
Multiple electric vehicles passed by on both sides of the road
A black SUV on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road
A red SUV on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road
The box truck with a white front and green compartment on the right is driving to the top of the road
A white car on the left passes through the lower right side of the road
Many cars and electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road.
A silver car on the right side of the road drove to the top of the road and then drove away
Four electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove past the lower right side of the road one after another
A green car on the left drove to the lower right side of the road
A man in black next to the green car on the right crossed the road and walked to the right side of the road
Green cars and electric cars on the upper left side of the road drive to the lower right side of the road one after another
Six electric vehicles entered on the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road.
Two electric vehicles on the upper left pass through the lower right of the road in sequence
An electric car enters on the right side of the road
A red car and a red electric car on the upper left drove to the lower right of the road.
A silver car and a silver van drove into the upper left side of the road, and the two cars drove past the lower right side of the road.
A white SUV and two electric vehicles drove in on the right side of the road, and then drove off on the top of the road.
A yellow taxi and an electric car drove into the road, and a silver SUV drove to the lower right side of the road.
A silver minivan pulled a can into the road, stayed at the lower right side of the road for a while and then drove away.
A total of nine electric vehicles drove into the upper left side of the road and drove to the lower right side of the road.
Multiple electric vehicles and a black car drove to the top of the road
A silver car on the right side of the road, a black and silver car drove to the top of the road one after another
An old man in black enters on a bicycle on the upper left side of the road and leaves on the lower right side of multiple vehicles
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by and left on the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove to the top of the road in turn.
Many cars entered the upper left side of the road and drove to the lower right side.
The red vehicle and the silver vehicle stayed on the lower right side of the road for a while and then drove away
A black van drives in on the right
A woman in a green top and blue pants on the left side of the road walked to the right side of the road and left.
A yellow taxi left on the upper left side of the road and left on the lower right side of the road
Two cars and an electric vehicle on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road
The silver car on the lower right leaves
A white car and two electric vehicles drove past the lower right side of the road.
A blue car and an electric car drove to the lower right side of the road and left
A red trailer on the upper left side of the road drove past the lower right side of the road
A woman entered below the road and walked to the upper left side of the road
A white car on the upper left side of the road drove past the lower right side of the road
A car and multiple electric vehicles on the right drove to the top of the road
A black car left on the upper left side of the road and drove away on the lower right side of the road
A silver van passed by on the upper left side of the road and stopped at the lower right side of the road.
A silver car entered from above and drove away slowly on the lower right side of the road
A white SUV and a blue minivan drove into the upper left corner of the road, and then left at the lower right corner of the road.
A yellow taxi entered on the upper left side of the road, drove to the lower right and left
A blue van enters the upper left side of the road and leaves at the lower right side of the road
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by and left on the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove away on the upper side of the road.
A silver SUV drove into the upper left side of the road, stopped briefly at the lower right side of the road, and then drove away with the green car.
A blue car loaded with cargo drove out on the left side of the road, and drove through the lower right side of the road together with several electric vehicles.
A silver car enters on the upper left side of the road and leaves on the lower right side.
A black SUV and two electric vehicles entered the road on the upper left and left on the lower right.
Several electric vehicles drove into the upper left and right sides of the road at the same time
A silver minivan and two yellow taxis left the road in the upper left and lower right.
Multiple electric vehicles, a red jeep, and a yellow taxi entered the upper left side of the road. The electric vehicles and the cars left the lower right side of the road one after another.
A woman in black clothes entered the lower right side of the road and a man in a red top and beige pants walked to the top of the road
Several electric vehicles drive away from the lower right
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by and left on the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove away on the upper side of the road.
The man in red rides an electric bike on the top of the road and leaves at the bottom right of the road
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by and left on the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove away on the upper side of the road.
A blue truck and a silver car drove into the upper left side of the road, and the two cars drove away one after another at the lower left and right sides of the road.
An electric car and a silver car on the left side of the road left the lower right side of the road.
Three electric vehicles and a silver car left on the upper left side of the road and left on the lower right side of the road
A black car and a silver car on the right drove in and drove away above the road.
Three electric vehicles entered on the upper left side of the road and left in turn on the lower right side of the road.
A blue garbage truck drove into the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road.
Many cars on the upper left side of the road passed by the lower right side of the road, and vehicles on the right side drove to the top of the road in turn.
A silver car drove in on the right side of the road, drove to the top of the road and left
A black car, two bicycles and multiple electric vehicles passed by from the upper left to the lower right of the road, and a yellow taxi drove to the top of the road on the right
A silver van entered on the upper left side of the road and left on the lower right side. The right lane was full of cars.
The traffic flow above the road begins to move. The vehicles on the right side drive away in turn.
Multiple electric vehicles left on the upper left side of the road and left on the lower right side. Vehicles on the right side drove to the top of the road and left.
A black SUV and a silver SUV on the right side of the road drove to the top of the road.
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road drove past the lower right side of the road and left. Vehicles on the right side drove to the top of the road and left.
A silver SUV and four electric vehicles passed by from the upper left side of the road to the lower right side of the road.
Many vehicles and electric vehicles on the right are driving towards the top of the road in sequence
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by and left on the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove away on the upper side of the road.
A man in white on a bicycle and an electric car left on the upper left side of the road and left at the lower right side of the road. An electric car entered on the right side and drove to the top of the road.
A silver van drove in on the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A man in black with white stripes on the left side of the road walked into the shop on the left
Many electric vehicles and cars on the left and right sides of the road drive across the road
An electric vehicle on the left side of the road entered and left on the lower right side of the road, and an electric vehicle on the right side drove to the top of the road.
A silver SUV drove in on the right side of the road and drove to the top of the road
A white car on the upper left side of the road drove to the lower right side of the road
A white car and four electric vehicles on the upper left side of the road drove into the lower right side of the road.
Many vehicles and electric vehicles on the right side of the road drove to the top of the road and drove away
Many electric vehicles and cars on the upper left side of the road passed by and left on the lower right side of the road, and the vehicles on the right side drove away on the upper side of the road.
Many cars passed by on the upper left side of the road and left on the lower right side of the road. Vehicles on the right side drove to the top of the road and left.
A blue truck entered on the right side of the road and stopped on the left side of the screen.
In a room, there is a row of red stools beside the table on the right side. A person in red clothes on the left is talking to two men on the sofa
The man in red bent down and talked with two men on the gray sofa
The picture is in a shopping mall. There is a white surveillance probe on the left, many people walking around on the right, and a red sign above
A man wearing a black shirt and a yellow badge walks down
In the center, a man with a gray shirt and a black backpack and a woman in black are watching.
A man in a blue shirt and yellow badge on the left walks to the lower right corner of the screen
A man in a light pink shirt, black pants and glasses walked by
The picture is a flower with many people passing by.
Many sales staff in white shirts and orange shorts are receiving customers in the lobby. Many customers are walking around below, and several security guards are at the door.
The picture is in a shopping mall. There is a white surveillance probe on the left, many people are walking around on the right, there is a red sign above, and several security guards are at the door.
In the picture, there is a man in yellow in front of a large TV, a clerk in black on the left side of the TV, and a woman in red walking to the left
A man in black wearing a yellow badge is walking, passing many passers-by
There is a TV in the picture. There are three men on the left side of the TV looking at something in front of the white probe.
A woman in a red top and two women carrying orange and white bags on the right walked by
Many people gather towards the upper left
The picture is a flower with many people passing by.
In the shopping mall, there is a white surveillance camera on the left, many people walking around on the right, and several security guards at the door
Many sales staff in white shirts and orange shorts are receiving customers
There is a woman in a yellow top and black pants standing on the right side of the flower. Many passers-by are walking around.
A man wearing a yellow hat, a black and white coat, a reddish-brown bag, holding a white paper in his hand, walked into the crowd
Several women in black dresses on the right stopped at the door and left.
A man in a plaid shirt with a yellow badge walks to the right
A man in a black shirt with a yellow badge enters the mall
On the right side of the green platform, a man in a yellow shirt and black pants is chatting with the security guard on the right side.
There are many people walking on the right
A woman with a white top and a yellow badge holding something in her hand walks to the right
In the picture, two clerks in black shirts are talking to the woman in white, and a man in blue shirts on the right is looking at something in the store.
There is a white surveillance probe on the left. A woman in a pink shirt and a man in a blue shirt and a yellow badge walked to the right side. A woman in yellow walked to the counter.
There is a woman wearing a yellow dress standing on the left side. There are many customers on the left side of the woman and there are flowers on the right side.
In the center of the camera, a man in yellow and two men in white shirts and black pants approach
A female clerk wearing a black top and jeans is walking in front of the counter, and the clerk in a white top is working on the surveillance camera screen
A security guard in a blue shirt and black pants on the right walks from the right to the left
The security guard gives directions to customers
Three people with badges walked in from the door
Several people with badges gathered on the right
Under the white probe, a man in a blue shirt, black pants and a yellow badge stands in front of the store
There are many people walking around at the gate on the right
In the picture, a man in a blue shirt and black satchel is talking on the phone
There is a man in a yellow shirt and black pants on the left carrying a green bucket and walking to the left
Two security guards in blue shirts and black pants walked into the center, then turned and walked to the left to leave.
On the sidewalk on the right side of the road, 6 people lined up and walked towards the bottom of the sidewalk
Two people ran out from under the sidewalk. The person behind them threw the roadblock into the sky and the two ran to the top of the sidewalk together.
A man in black clothes walked out from under the aisle, picked up a piece of cloth from the table on the left side of the aisle and took out a black plate from the oven above the aisle and placed it on the table on the left side of the aisle superior
A man in black clothes and a man in black pants above him are stirring something
The person wearing an orange top on the right side of the aisle walked to the shelf behind her
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out of the upper left corner of the aisle and walked to the shelf on the right side of the aisle
The man in an orange shirt took something from the shelf and sprinkled it on a black plate
Man in black pants takes something out of the oven above the aisle and places it on the floor
After talking to the man in the orange shirt and the man in the blue half-sleeves, he took two white buckets from the shelf and placed them on the table in front of him
The man in a red shirt put a white bucket back on the cabinet behind him
The man in blue half-sleeves fishes out red things from the bucket on the table
The person wearing orange half-sleeves is wiping something on the black plate on the table
The person wearing blue half-sleeves leaves from the upper left side of the aisle
The man in black trousers puts something from the oven on the table in front of the man in orange half-sleeves
The person wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the upper left of the aisle and walked towards the lower right of the aisle
The man wearing blue half-sleeves walked out of the lower right corner of the aisle
There is a man wearing black clothes in the middle of the road walking towards the bottom of the road
A motorcycle entered the road.
A man and a woman walked out of the road and the motorcycle moved to the bottom of the road.
A man in black clothes walked out from under the road, followed by a man in a white waistcoat and a man in black pants.
A blue car under the road reversed and adjusted its position and left from the left side of the road.
A silver car drove in from the right side of the road and drove to the left side of the road
The previous blue car enters on the right side of the road and stops on the sidewalk below the road
The blue car got off and a man wearing brown half-sleeves walked towards the bottom of the road
The man wearing brown half-sleeves entered the blue car again and reversed to adjust the position and left from the left side of the road.
A silver car drove from the left side of the road into the right side of the road
A black car drove in from the right side of the road, turned around on the left side of the road and exited from the right side of the road
A white car drove in from the left side of the road and drove to the right side of the road
The blue car before entered from the right side of the road and drove down the road
The previous white car and black car entered from the right side of the road and drove to the left side of the road
A white pickup truck drove from the right side of the road into the sidewalk parked below the road
In the Internet cafe, there are four children standing on the left side of the table watching people playing games. People playing games are sitting on the front and back of the table.
The old man in a gray vest put the money on the counter, and the woman at the counter put a Coke in the bag and handed it to the old man
After the woman at the counter communicated with a short-haired woman standing in front of the counter, the short-haired woman walked to the right side of the counter
The man in yellow clothes walked to the counter, put down the drinks and food in his hands, and began to count the money
A man wearing white short-sleeves walked to the right side of the sidewalk
A black pickup truck entered from the road above the sidewalk and drove to the left side of the road
There are many vehicles parked on the road above the sidewalk
A truck drove out from the right side of the courtyard under the road. The gate of the courtyard was opened. After adjusting its position several times, the truck drove towards the road.
A woman wearing a headscarf walks towards the right side of the shelf
The woman wearing a headscarf walked out of the right side of the shelf and walked towards the shelf. There was a man checking the items on the shelf.
A man in a white shirt walked out from under the escalator, walked up the escalator, and walked into the door in front of the escalator.
An old man at the bottom of the escalator was looking at the flowers on the right side of the escalator, and after looking at them for a while, he walked to the left side of the escalator.
A white car drove into the right side of the parking lot and drove towards the road above the parking lot.
The white car drove into the parking lot from the road above the parking lot and parked in the parking space on the right side of the parking lot.
A man wearing a black shirt walked out from under the table and walked towards the door on the upper left side of the table
The man wearing a black shirt walked out of the door on the upper left side of the table and walked to the shelf in the upper right corner of the table
A man wearing a black shirt walked from under the table to the shelf on the right side of the table, picked up something, and walked out of the door on the upper left side of the table
A man wearing a black shirt walked out of the door on the upper left side of the table
The man in the black shirt went back to the shelf on the right side of the table, picked up something and walked out again
The door behind the shelf. A man wearing black half-sleeves picked up a package from the shelf and checked it.
A man in a black shirt walked out of the door on the left side of the cabinet and walked to the shelf opposite the door to pick up a package
The man picked up another package from the table on the left side of the door and walked out of the door
At the doorway under the stairs, a man wearing blue half-sleeves walked up the stairs
A man in red clothes walked out of the door above the second floor and walked downstairs
A man wearing a black shirt walked out from under the table, picked up an object on the table, walked to the door on the upper left side of the table and left. After a while, he appeared from the door on the upper left side of the table. The handle on the Put the things on the table, walk to the door on the upper left side of the table and leave
A golden retriever appeared under the double bed and disappeared from under the double bed after a while.
Two people got out of a black jeep in the left lane of the road, one wearing red clothes and the other wearing brown clothes.
Vehicles pass by in the right lane of the road from time to time, including a blue car driving from right to left
A man in black clothes is repairing a white vehicle on the sidewalk above the road
A black vehicle driving from right to left in the right lane of the road
A white vehicle in the right lane of the road is driving from right to left, and there are pedestrians passing under the road.
People in red clothes and people in brown clothes surrounded the black jeep and tried to remove the white plate on it
In a classroom, students are writing papers, and the girl wearing a black jacket in the first row is chatting with the girl on her right
In the school bus, a man wearing a gray shirt walked towards the back of the bus in the middle aisle
In the middle aisle, a girl with a single ponytail walked to the front of the car, took a bottle of water, and walked back to the middle of the aisle.
The woman wearing a brown headscarf sitting in the second row of the school bus stood up and quickly sat down again
A boy in the third row turned back to talk to the classmates behind him
The two girls standing in the middle of the aisle sat back in the third and fourth rows.
A man in a brown shirt at the back of the car stood up, walked to the fifth row of seats, sat down, and opened a book
A girl carrying a red backpack in the school bus sat in the sixth row of the school bus
A boy in the first row of the school bus stood up, took two steps forward, and then sat back down.
In the hall, two people wearing white shirts walked to the left side of the hall
Three women walked to the middle of the hall, one of them was wearing a skirt
A woman in black clothes quickly walked from the right side of the hall to the left side of the hall
There is a man wearing a white shirt outside the store walking from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
A white car is reversing above the store
The time turns into night, and there is a counter in the store
There are many door frames and window frames in the warehouse. A man wearing black clothes walks up from bottom to top in the warehouse.
The picture changes to black and white, and the door frames and window frames in the warehouse are neatly organized
There are many door frames and window frames in the warehouse. A man in black clothes walked out of the left side of the warehouse. Two people were processing above the warehouse.
A woman wearing black clothes walked out from below the office and walked towards the room on the right side of the office
A woman wearing a brown down jacket in the gas station reaches the black car above the gas station
A man in black clothes behind the black car in the middle of the gas station walks towards the bottom of the gas station
There is a large number of people walking on an escalator at an entrance to a large building
There are many vehicles and motorcycles waiting on the left side of the road in front of the large building
In the office, a man holding a yellow box walked to the right side of the office and put down the box
The screen turned to black and white, and the man picked up the box and walked out of the left side of the office
A staff member in the restaurant walked from the counter to the cash register and put money in it
The staff walked back to the counter, packed the food on the counter and handed it to the buyer before bowing.
A woman wearing green half-sleeves on the left side of the hall walks up the stairs
In the security hall, a little girl was picked up by a woman and touched her cheek after passing through
Man dressed in black and white communicates with security in front of security check machine
The woman hugged the girl and left from below the hall
Man wearing black and white clothes passes the security check
A man wearing a blue vest in the mall walked from the left side of the mall to the right side of the mall
A woman in gray clothes chooses items on the shelves in the middle of the mall
A woman pushing a shopping cart and a child walked towards the right side of the mall
There are a large number of spectators wearing yellow clothes in the auditorium of the stadium
A large number of people walked under the passage, two people in white shirts, two people in blue shirts, one person in green clothes, two people in gray vests, Walk to the right side of the passage with a man in yellow clothes
A man carrying a black backpack outside the passage walked towards the top of the passage
A dressed man walked into the house holding a cat and placed the cat on the right side of the house. There was a dog tied to the right side.
The man wearing a vest walked out from below the house, opened the door from above and left.
The man wearing a vest opened the door from above the house and walked in from the bottom of the house.
The man in the vest walked out from under the house and put some food for the dog
The black cat in the room walks towards the bottom of the house
The tied dog in the room amusing himself
At a doorway, a large number of pedestrians came in and out. Among them, a child wearing a red top was led by a woman in gray clothes to the bottom of the door.
A woman pushing a stroller and a child walked out from the left side of the door and walked towards the door
An old man leads a little girl in pink clothes towards the bottom of the door
A man wearing green half-sleeves walked in from the gate and walked to the left side of the gate
A man in a black suit walked into the door and walked under the door
A woman wearing black clothes in the mall walked from the bottom of the mall to the top of the mall
A man wearing blue half-sleeves in the middle of the mall, and a woman wearing white clothes walked towards the counter on the left side of the mall
A woman in black took an item from the counter on the right side of the mall and walked to the top of the mall
A woman with yellow hair took something from the counter on the right and walked to the counter on the left
A man with black glasses is picking at the counter on the right
A woman with yellow hair put the things she had taken back on the counter on the right, and the man wearing black glasses walked towards the top of the mall
The shopping mall has three floors. There are two escalators on the right side of the shopping mall square. Every floor in the mall is crowded, and the escalators are in constant operation.
There is a shop in the middle of the second floor. People come and go in the shop. There are many pedestrians on the escalators on the left and right sides of the shop.
There are two vertical elevators in the middle of the shopping mall square to transport people. There are a large number of pedestrians coming and going around the elevators.
Under a large square, some people are drinking coffee in an outdoor cafe. The escalators above the square transport people. There are many pedestrians shopping on the second floor and first floor lobby of the square.
There are several workers working in the construction site. A black-clothed worker walked upwards on the dirt road above and then stopped.
On the left side of the construction site, a man in blue is talking to a man in a blue hat. A worker in black on the dirt road above the construction site is carrying goods down and then out of view of the camera.
The man in the blue hat was talking to the man in the red hat at the construction site. Then the man in the red hat threw the iron rod, and the worker in the blue hat picked it up and threw it aside.
The man in blue hat climbed up the iron frame, went to the lower work station, and talked with the blue hat worker on the dirt road below, and then the blue hat worker left the camera view.
The man with the blue hat was waiting where he was. Then the worker with the blue hat above threw something to the man with the blue hat. After the two talked, the worker with the blue hat left.
The man in blue on the upper left crosses the iron frame and walks towards the man in blue hat. The worker in blue hat continues to throw items to the man in blue hat, and the three start talking.
After the blue hat worker threw some items, the blue hat man and the man in blue began to pick them up. The blue hat man took out a hammer and smashed the items on the ground.
The man in red hat and the man in blue in the upper left are working, and the man in blue and the man in blue in the lower right are out of view of the camera
The man in plaid clothes on the upper right is working, bending down to place the iron frame with his hands, and the worker in the blue hat passes by the camera below
Three people were working in the construction site. The man in the red hat walked to the iron frame and then returned to the original place.
The man in the blue hat leaves the camera's field of view, and the three people in the camera continue to work
Several people climbed back and forth over the iron frame beside them, then bent down and continued working
A worker on the dirt road in the upper left corner walked up a few steps and then stopped to talk to the workers at the construction site
Workers continued to walk upward, stopped at the cargo pile to pick up goods, and workers in the construction site continued to bend down to work.
Workers walking down the dirt road
Three workers are working in the construction site
Workers on the dirt road threw the picked up goods into the construction site and then walked towards the goods pile above again
Workers continue to pick up items
The man in blue below appears at the camera, and the man in blue hat talks to him on the dirt road
The workers above the dirt road went down and continued to throw items into the construction site, and then returned to the cargo pile again
The man in the red hat handed the goods to the workers in blue. The workers in blue placed the iron frames. The workers on the dirt road continued to walk down and threw items into the construction site.
Then the workers on the dirt road returned to the cargo pile, followed the ladder into the construction site, walked down, and then climbed over the iron frame to pick up items in the construction site.
After the man in blue hat installed the iron rack, the worker in blue put the items into the iron rack.
Workers at work
The man in the red hat and the man in blue worked together to install the iron frame, and then continued working after talking to the man in plaid.
The man in the red hat climbed up the iron frame and talked to the man in plaid clothes
The red hat walked to the outside of the iron frame and then walked downwards, leaving the camera field of view, and the blue hat worker walked to the left
Workers continue to work
The man with the blue hat climbed up the iron frame and then entered the inside of the iron frame
The man in blue hat works together with the workers in blue. The man in red hat works together on the outside of the iron frame and the worker in blue hat on the inside of the iron frame.
Several people fixed the iron frame beside them, and the man in the blue hat in the lower right corner used a hammer to fix the iron frame.
The man with the blue hat walked to the iron frame of the worker with the blue hat, talked with the worker with the blue hat, the two exchanged tools, and they started working separately
The workers continue to work, the man in plaid clothes climbs over the iron frame to work, the man in red hat and the worker in blue hat install the iron frame together
The man in blue climbed onto the iron frame, and the man in blue hat walked to him and handed him the items and then left.
The man in blue got off the iron frame and left the camera, then threw the items in his hands to the iron frame aside, and several people continued to work.
The man in plaid clothes bends down to work, the man next to him sits on the iron frame to rest, the man in red hat and the worker in blue hat continue to work
The man in blue and the man in blue hat came to the iron frame. The man in blue bent down, and then the two began to work. The man in blue hat climbed over the iron frame to the outside of the iron frame.
The man in the blue hat is working on the outside of the iron frame, and the man in the red hat climbs over the iron frame to the outside of the iron frame and walks upwards
The man in the red hat climbed up the ladder and walked to the road above, then picked up the goods and piled items on the construction site. Workers were working in the construction site
The man in blue on the lower right climbed up the iron frame and worked together with the man in blue hat. The worker in blue hat climbed over the iron frame and then picked up items on the ground.
The man in blue on the lower right hits the iron frame with a hammer, and the man in red hat comes down from the ladder with a bag and walks back to the construction site
The man in the red hat placed the bag in his hand on the iron stand, and then talked with the worker in blue. The man in plaid came to the two of them to check the items.
The man in plaid clothes took the items back and then continued his work
The man in the red hat climbed the ladder to the upper road and then walked down, leaving the camera's field of view
Several people continued to work on their own, and the man in the blue hat climbed over the iron frame to the inside and started working.
The man in the blue hat and the worker in the blue hat work together
Workers continue to work
A man in yellow pants walked up the corridor. Halfway through, the man opened the left window and put the items in his hands before leaving.
A woman is behind the dining table, then the screen switches to two women walking and then switches to a man sitting in a seat working
There are several people in the room
The camera flashes red and then switches to the room at night
A man pushed the door into the room and walked to the center of the room
In an office, a man in white clothes walked out of the office
After doing the work, the man in black moved to the side. The man in white entered the office and talked with the man in black.
The man in black returned to his original position and then stood up
Several vehicles passed by on a road. A man in black was walking his dog on the road below.
A man and a woman walked towards the road below. In the distance, the man in black and the woman in red on the silver car walked towards the building on the right
A man in sunglasses above is walking towards the road below, and several people pushing strollers are trying to walk towards the road below.
Two men on a road walking towards the road below
A man and woman in black walked toward the road below, and a man came out of the building on the right
An old man on the right walks toward the road below with a cane, and a man walks opposite him toward the road above.
In a restaurant, several people walked out, and a woman came to the box next to the dining table.
The woman packed and sealed the boxes, and the three of them came out of the back room of the restaurant.
Then the two left the camera, and a man in blue walked to the woman and talked to her
A man in black enters the room and hands the items in his hand to the man in white in the room
The man in black handed the man in white the items and left the room
A woman in white walked to the right side of the room and sat down at her desk.
A man in white went to the pile of boxes on the left to sort out the boxes. A woman in brown entered the room and then the two returned to their respective positions.
The woman in white on the right stood up and then sat down, the man in white on the upper left turned to the right and then pushed the door out of the camera's field of view
In the construction site, several workers are working, and the camera shines on more workers
A worker squats next to the iron bucket
The camera moves to the left, a worker is working with a wrench
Then the camera zooms in and moves to the right to a blue house
The camera moves again to focus on the fire door, and then returns to the construction site again
Finally the camera moves to the left again, then returns to the original position and moves downwards. A worker comes down from the stairs.
The camera moves to a worker, and then the camera moves to the right. A worker walks down the ladder, and a dog meets him
The camera moves to the left, two workers are working, and several workers are working on the left
Two workers cooperated with each other, and then the worker above moved back and forth at the steel bar
The worker below uses a hammer to hit the steel bar, and the two work together
In a restaurant, a clerk in white is writing notes
A man in black on the left is working. After the clerk in white finished writing the notes, he walked out of the counter and came to the aisle with the notes.
Then the clerk in white walked to the counter, looked around, and then walked down
A woman in black came from above, the clerk in white went to the man in black, and the woman in black talked with the waiter at the table
The clerk in white leaves the camera view, and the woman in black is chatting happily with the waiter at the table, gesticulating with her hands.
The clerk in white came to the dining table, and the woman in black walked down and left the camera.
The clerk in white then returned to the counter and started taking notes again
The clerk in white looked down, then took notes again, and the people in the dining table moved back and forth.
The man in black above is working on the ladder
A man on the road ran towards the road above
There are several people in a room, and three men above are walking down
A man in red below came to the table to watch. Several people were walking back and forth.
A man in black above the parking lot walked down
A silver car on the right is driving towards the road on the left
A blue car on the right in the distance drives to the left and then turns to the road above
A red car on the right drove towards the road on the left, and then left the camera's field of view
A man in black below walked to the black car and opened the door to enter.
A car in the distance drove toward the road below and then turned into the parking lot.
The black car reversed and then turned around
The silver car avoided the black car, and then the black car drove to the left road
A man in white on the right walks towards the road on the left
A man in white on the left is walking towards the road below, and then the camera switches
In the parking lot, the camera begins to zoom to the open area, and then moves to the right to the tree
A car and a black car on the right side of the road drive to the left road
The lens focuses on the logo on the tree trunk, and then zooms back and forth to reduce the field of view.
The camera returns to the parking lot. A man in white and a woman in white enter the white car on the left together.
A black car drove from the right road to the left road
The white car reverses and turns around, driving to the left side of the road
A blue car above drives towards the road below
On a road, a truck below is driving towards the road above, and four vehicles are following him.
The white car on the upper left side turns into the road and drives downwards
A white van below is driving towards the highway above, followed by a blue and a black car
A black car below is driving towards the highway above, and five cars are following him.
A white car above drives towards the road below
A gray car drove out below, followed by three cars and stopped in the middle of the road.
A black car above is driving towards the road below, a silver car below is driving towards the road above, followed by several vehicles
A truck came out from above and headed towards the road below
On the two roads, several vehicles on the left road are driving downwards, and several vehicles on the right are driving upwards.
Several vehicles passed by on the highway, the camera shook violently and moved to the right
Then the camera shook violently and moved to the left, with several vehicles passing by the road
The camera moves upward to illuminate the street light, then returns to the original position and moves to the right
Then the camera switches to a road. Several vehicles pass by the road and the camera moves downwards.
The camera moves upward, then returns to the original position and then moves to the right again
The camera shook and moved to the left and then kept zooming in and out. Several vehicles passed by the road.
Move the camera upward and then straighten the field of view
On a highway, several vehicles pass by the highway, and several vehicles drive toward the highway below.
There are several motorcycles passing under the road
There is a silver car on the left and turn right to the main road
There is a white motorcycle on the left and turn right to the main road
In the parking lot, a man behind the black van on the left opened the trunk and closed it
A red pickup truck drove into the parking lot from the left
The man behind the black car enters the cab of the van
A black car above drives forward out of the parking lot
A man in yellow walked to the yellow cart, pulled a cart and left
The van reversed and then turned around. A white SUV on the right reversed towards the road above. The van drove towards the road below. During this period, two pedestrians on the right walked towards the road on the left.
A silver car on the right drove into the parking lot, and a red car above quickly drove into the parking lot and parked in the parking area
The silver car reversed, a red car on the left entered the parking lot and then parked in the parking area, the silver car drove forward
The silver car drove forward and parked in the middle parking space
A black car on the left drove into the parking space
A red car above drove into the parking lot, a black car on the left drove into the parking lot, a man in black below walked towards the road above, and the silver car entered the parking area
A gray car on the upper left entered the parking lot and parked in the parking space
A black car entered the parking lot from the left, and a white car came from above.
On two roads, several vehicles on the left road are driving upwards, and several vehicles on the right road are driving downwards.
On a road, several pedestrians are walking, and three pedestrians walk into the building on the lower right side
A woman in blue came out of the house
A man in blue walked out of the building and walked towards the lower left
Several pedestrians are walking back and forth above, and a woman in red enters the building
People were coming and going on the road, and a woman in blue on the left walked into the building
A man in white walked out of the building and walked upwards
A bald man walked into the building, and behind him a black car drove towards the road above
The black car turned left into the parking area, and the surrounding pedestrians gave way to the black car.
There are several cars parked in the parking lot, a white pickup truck is driving above, and a pedestrian is walking to the left on the right
The white pickup truck stopped in the parking area on the left, and pedestrians took things from a silver car on the left
The driver of the white pickup truck opened the door, and pedestrians walked back and forth near the silver car.
In a room, a clerk in white clothes walked to the cashier at the door
In a room, a clerk in white clothes at the bottom goes to work above
The clerk in white finally checked various positions in the rear
A man in a hat came to the counter and talked with the clerk in white
After the conversation, the clerk in white went to the back to prepare. The man in the hat put the coins on the table and waited in front of the counter.
The clerk in white prepared and put the goods on the counter. The man in the hat took the goods and went to the cabinet above.
A woman in black entered the room and walked to the cashier
The woman in black and the clerk in white started talking. The man in the hat took the items on the cabinet and left the room. The clerk in white began to prepare the goods.
A woman in gray clothes enters the room next to the cabinet on the left
A blond woman came to the woman in gray to talk to her
The clerk in white prepared the goods and put them on the counter. After the woman in black paid, she took the goods and left the room.
The clerk in white leaves the camera view
A man and a woman in red entered the room and came to the counter. The clerk was arranging the machine behind
The man and the woman in red leave the room
Two women next to the cabinet on the left were talking happily, and then they left the camera.
The clerk in white continues to tidy up the backstage, and the clerk in white puts the goods on the counter
A woman in white entered the room and came to the counter
The clerk in white walked to the counter to operate and then turned back to prepare the goods.
After paying, the woman in white took away the goods and left the room.
A woman in green came to the counter
The woman in green turned around and left after paying.
The clerk in white continued to make preparations, and several customers entered the room and then left.
The woman in green returned to the counter, took her things and then left
The clerk in white came to the cabinet on the left side of the counter, and then returned to the counter. During this period, several people entered and left the room.
The clerk in white walked out of the counter and came to the door to clean up, then returned to the counter and left the camera's field of view, and then came to the door again
After the clerk in white returned to the counter, several people entered the room. A man in blue came to the counter and talked with the clerk in white.
The man in blue walked back and forth in front of the camera. After paying, he took the goods to the cabinet on the left to talk to someone, and then left the room.
The clerk in white is making a call behind the counter
A man in black entered the room and came to the counter, and then talked with the clerk
After the payment is completed, the man in gray takes the goods and leaves the room.
On the right side of the road, a light blue truck and a red and white truck drive from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
On the left side of the road, a red truck, a green truck, and a white truck drive from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the right side of the road, a blue truck drives from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
On the left side of the road, a red truck drives from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the right side of the road, there are a large number of trucks and a blue bus driving from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
On the right side of the highway, the road became smooth after a slight traffic jam
On the left side of the road, a red truck, a blue truck, and a light blue truck drive from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the right side of the road, a green truck, a blue truck, and a large number of cars drive from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
On the left side of the road, a red truck drives from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the right side of the road, a black bus drives from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
On the right side of the road, a red truck and a blue truck drive from the top of the road to the bottom of the road. On the left side of the road, a white truck and a Blue truck, driving from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the left side of the road, a green truck with words printed on it and three white trucks drove from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the right side of the road, a double-decker bus of mixed colors drives from the top to the bottom of the road. On the left side of the road, a green truck with the words " Under the road to over the road
On the right side of the road, a white double-decker bus drives from the top of the road to the bottom of the road. On the left side of the road, an orange truck drives from the bottom of the road to the top of the road.
The camera focuses on a white truck on the right side of the road
On the right side of the road, a white truck, a red truck, and a green truck drive from the top of the road to the bottom of the road
On the left side of the road, a white truck and a yellow truck drive side by side from the bottom of the road to the top of the road
On the right side of the road, there are a large number of trucks of different colors. One of the dark green trucks moves from the top of the road to the bottom of the road with the flow of traffic.
On the right side of the road, a tanker truck drove in from above the road
On the right side of the road, a tanker truck drove from the top of the road to the bottom of the road with the flow of traffic.
On the sidewalk on the left side of the road, a man wearing black clothes walked out from the upper and lower directions of the sidewalk and walked in the opposite direction.
On the sidewalk on the right side of the road, a man in black clothes crossed the road and walked to the sidewalk on the left side of the road
A pedestrian walked out of the sidewalk on the left side of the road and walked down the sidewalk. On the left lane of the road, there were three white cars driving down the lane.
A pedestrian walked out from under the sidewalk on the left side of the road and walked to the top of the sidewalk
A pedestrian walked out from under the sidewalk on the left side of the road and walked to the left side of the sidewalk. Three pedestrians walked out from above the sidewalk on the left side of the road and walked to the left side of the sidewalk.
A pedestrian in black walked out from under the sidewalk on the left side of the road and walked to the top of the sidewalk
In the right lane of the road, a red car drove towards an intersection on the right side of the road
In the right lane of the road, a white van drove towards the top of the road
On the sidewalk on the right side of the road, a man in black clothes crossed the road and walked to the sidewalk on the left side of the road
A man in red clothes walked out from above the sidewalk on the left side of the road, followed by a man in black who walked below.
Two men and women in pink tops walked to the top of the sidewalk on the left side of the road
There are two men above, one wearing a black hat and the other wearing a red peaked cap, walking below
There is a man in black on the left crossing the road and walking to the right
In the right lane of the road, a white truck drove in from below the lane and headed towards the top of the road
Three people in black clothes walked out of the left side of the sidewalk on the right side of the road and walked towards the bottom of the road
There is a woman in white below walking to the top
A man in black and a woman in black walked out of the road on the left and walked towards the bottom of the road
A blue and white bus entered from below the right lane of the road and drove to the top of the lane
Two men were sitting and chatting in a room, one wearing a black shirt and the other wearing a white shirt
A man in a white shirt walks from the left side of the house to the right side of the house
The person wearing a black shirt and the person wearing a white shirt are talking while gesticulating.
The man in a white shirt walks from the right side of the house to the left side of the house
The person wearing a black shirt and the person wearing a white shirt took out their mobile phones and continued talking to each other.
In a bustling square, the lights are bright. There are many pedestrians on the road on the right side of the square. The straight ladders under the road constantly transport people up or down.
In a large square, there is a pool on the left, a few palm trees on the right, many pedestrians on the street, and many buildings on the right side of the street
Camera switch, zoom in to display the palm trees in front
After switching observations from multiple perspectives in a three-story shopping mall, each floor of the shopping mall is brightly lit. There is a short tree in the middle of the first floor. There are a large number of pedestrians on each floor. There are many shops on both sides of the road
In the aquarium, there are many people wearing red clothes under the passage. Above the passage is the exhibition wall of the aquarium. There are various kinds of animals in the seawater under the light. Fish swim inside
On the left side of the three-story mall, there is a huge waterfall device with many people carved out of stone.
The camera switches back to the three-story shopping mall at the beginning. There are many advertisements hanging on the top of the square, and there is a pair of escalators in the middle of each floor.
On a road with respective national flags, there are many pedestrians, and there are tall buildings on both sides of the road.
In the middle of a street is a crossroads for trams, surrounded by dense buildings and many pedestrians on the road
The video captured several exquisite road signs with VIA written on them.
A square with a humanoid statue has many pedestrians passing by
There are a large number of pedestrians in a square with a very classical architectural style.
A man in jeans turns back on a floor tile with a horse printed on it
At night, the square with a very classical architectural style is brightly lit inside and outside, and there are a lot of pedestrians coming and going.
In a brightly lit square, there are many pedestrians coming and going
There is a golden round clock standing there in the center of the square, with many people around it
A group of people are doing business at the counter
There is a slope in the lens and many people are walking around
Multiple angle shots of the same square, there are many people walking around in the square
At the boarding area of the train, there are two red trains in the leftmost lane, and there are many pedestrians getting on and off the train on the sidewalk.
A white bus drives from left to right on the road
A red bus drove past a classical building from left to right
There are many cars coming on a road
Many cars drove out of the tunnel
There are many cars on the road heading towards the Arc de Triomphe
A green subway passes the Eiffel Tower and drives underground
In the canals around the city, luxury cruise ships pass by during the day and night. At night, the riverside and the cruise ships emit golden lights.
In a prosperous commercial street, there are shops on both sides of the street, and there are many tourists coming and going on the road in the middle of the street.
Lens zoom. Photographing roadside logos
Photographed a red road sign with two pigeons standing on it
There are many tents on both sides of the road in the corner of the business community, and there are many pedestrians on the road
The camera captured an alley with many people walking around in the alley
The camera captured a road with many shops and tents on both sides of the road, and many people walking in the middle
A red and white train passes a stone bridge
A red train entered the station on the train platform. There were many pedestrians coming and going in the station.
A red and white train passes through the stone bridge and tunnel
The train arrived at the platform, and there were many people on the platform.
A purple train passes through the stone bridge
A red train entered the platform, and there were many people on the platform
A red train passes the stone bridge
A red train enters the platform
There are many people walking in the corridor
Camera captures arrival information
A white train enters the platform
A train passes through the stone bridge at night
There is a blue bus driving through the middle of the road, followed by two white cars and a black car.
There were many people crossing the road in the middle of the road, and two white cars stopped at the intersection.
There are four white cars parked on the side of the road, and there are many pedestrians walking in the distance
There were four white cars parked on the roadside, a black car drove by, and many people were walking in the distance.
There is a red bus passing by on the road, followed by many black cars
There are many cars driving down the road
A blue and white tram drove across the road
The camera captures the blue station sign
There are two shops on the left and middle of the platform, and there are many people walking around in the square.
In a hall, a white train and a red train are parked in the middle, with many pedestrians around them
There is a shop in the middle of the hall, many trains parked in the distance, and many people walking around in the square
There are two shops on the left and middle of the platform, and there are many people walking around in the square.
In a hall, a white train and a red train are parked in the middle, with many pedestrians around them
There is a shop in the middle of the hall, many trains parked in the distance, and many people walking around in the square
In a street with a huge door, there are buildings on both sides. There are many pedestrians coming and going under the gate
There are various shops on both sides of the commercial street. there are many pedestrians on the road
There are several bungalows on the side of the road, and there are many people walking on the road.
There is a white church in the middle of the road, and there are many people walking on the road
There are many shops on the roadside and many people walking in the middle of the road
The camera shoots the main entrance of the store, there are many people walking on the road
Photograph a blue road sign
There are many shops on the roadside and many people walking in the middle of the road
There are many people skating in the skating rink
The camera gradually moves to the left until the golden sculpture moves to the middle of the image. There are many people skating in the skating rink.
Camera zooms in to shoot the golden statue
There are many people skating in the skating rink
On a busy street, there are groups of people on both sides of the road, and cars are passing by on the road.
The camera shoots the intersection, several passers-by are crossing the road
There are many people walking on the street. There is a pizza shop on the roadside, and several American flags are hung on the house.
The camera gradually zooms in until it captures the panoramic view of Times Square. There are many people walking on the road.
In the golden hall with the American flag, there are many pedestrians and there is a golden clock in the middle of the hall
There are many people playing and resting on a lawn
On the street at night, advertisements are playing on various large TVs on both sides.
On the road in the middle of the prosperous street, there are many yellow taxis driving, and there are groups of pedestrians on the sidewalks
Shooting on the road, there are many yellow taxis driving towards the camera, the lens gradually zooms in
There are many advertisements on both sides of the road, and many taxis on the road are driving towards the camera in the distance
There are many people crossing the road,
At night a white bus drove across the road. There were many people in the square. There were many large TVs showing advertisements on the high buildings on the street.
There are many pedestrians in the square at night, and there are many yellow taxis on the road
In a small commercial street, there are many people and there are many small shops on both sides of the street.
There are many cars in the upper right corner heading towards the lower left corner
There are many cars on the left going to the right
The camera captures a three-story golden shopping mall. There are many small shops on the first floor, and many people are walking around inside.
The screen is zoomed in, shooting the shop on the second floor, many people are walking around
The screen is zoomed in, shooting the store on the first floor, many people are walking around
Zoom out the screen, take a birds eye view of the entire first and second floors
The screen is zoomed in, shooting the store on the first floor, many people are walking around
There are many pedestrians and street signs on both sides of the road in a commercial street, and there are many shops on both sides.
In front of a small road is a gorgeous church that keeps zooming in
There is a carriage driving on a trail, followed by a yellow car and two black cars
The camera captures a square with a church in the distance and many people walking on the square.
There is an escalator going down from the commercial street. There are several shops and some people walking on both sides.
There is an underground passage in the commercial street. Several people walked out of the tunnel. There were many people walking in the distance.
There are many shops on both sides of the commercial street. There are several parasols on the road and many people walking on the road.
There are many people walking around in the commercial street, and there are many glass wall shops next to it
In a crowded shopping mall, there are many red clothes hanging on the hangers, and there are many people wearing red clothes coming and going.
In a game arcade, there is a woman wearing green half-sleeves at the counter to the left of the top order
There is a man wearing green half-sleeves writing something outside the counter
The man in green walked into the wall to get something and then walked to the counter
The man in green half-sleeves handed a blue disk to the woman in green half-sleeves
The woman in green took the disk and put it in the white cabinet below
The man wearing green half-sleeves walked to the bottom of the counter
A woman in red clothes, a man in red clothes and a woman in black clothes walked out on the right side of the game hall and walked towards the bottom of the counter
The man in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter and handed something to the woman in green half-sleeves.
The woman wearing green half-sleeves puts it in the glass cabinet behind the counter
The man in green half-sleeves casually pulled out a piece of paper from the left side of the counter and walked under the counter
A man in a white shirt walked out of the right side of the game hall. He walked to the counter and took out money from his pocket. The woman in green half-sleeves exchanged some game coins and walked to the game machine below to start playing. stand up
The three children on the right side of the game arcade walked under the counter
The woman in green half-sleeves is sorting the papers in the drawer
A man in a white shirt walked out from under the counter
The man wearing a white shirt walked into the counter while holding a mobile phone and talking to the woman in green half-sleeves
The man in a white shirt took a bottle of water and drank it, then walked to the counter and took out his computer
The man in the white shirt was talking to the woman in green half-sleeves and opened the phone record while talking.
The man in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter and walked to the right side of the game room
A little girl in red walked out of the right side of the game hall and walked under the counter
A couple walked out from under the counter. The man and the woman in green half-sleeves exchanged some game coins and then the couple went under the counter.
A couple, the man wearing orange half-sleeves, the woman carrying a backpack, walked out from under the counter and walked to the right side of the game room.
The man wearing green half-sleeves walked to the left side of the counter
The man wearing a white shirt walked to the right side of the counter
The man in green half-sleeves walked to the right side of the counter, put something on the counter, and walked out from the right side of the game room
The man in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter, took a piece of paper from the woman in green half-sleeves, and walked towards the bottom of the counter
The man in the white shirt walked to the bottom of the counter, and the woman in green half-sleeves waved her hands in boredom at the counter.
There is a child above the game hall walking to the right side of the game hall, and then leaving from the top of the game hall
Two children above the game hall ran to the right side of the game hall
A child walked out from under the counter and talked to the woman in green half-sleeves, then walked under the counter
A child walked out from under the counter and talked to the woman in green half-sleeves, then walked under the counter
There is a woman in white clothes with a child next to the game console under the counter. The woman in white then carries the child to the game console above.
Three pedestrians walked out from under the counter and walked to the top of the game room
The woman in white clothes is taking pictures of her child
The man in a white shirt on the left side of the counter walked towards the bottom of the counter.
A couple walked out from under the counter, a man in a white shirt walked out from the right side of the game hall and exchanged game coins with a woman in green half-sleeves, and a child in blue half-sleeves ran to the left side of the game hall. side
The child in blue half-sleeves and the man in white clothes walked under the counter
The man in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter and put the game coins in his hand on the counter
The previous couple walked towards the bottom of the counter, and the man in green half-sleeves put the collected game coins into a bag
The man in green half-sleeves walked to the bottom of the counter. A man in red half-sleeves and a woman in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter. They exchanged some game coins and went to the bottom of the counter.
The man in green half-sleeves and the man in yellow and black half-sleeves walked out from under the counter and went to talk near the counter
Three people walked out of the game hall. One of the people in gray clothes walked to the bottom of the counter, and the other two walked to the right side of the game hall.
The child in blue half-sleeves walked from the game machine on the right side of the arcade to the counter. The woman in green half-sleeves returned to the game machine after talking.
A woman in black clothes exchanged game coins and walked to the game machine on the right side of the game hall.
The woman in white clothes took the child to the game console below and then walked to the top of the counter
The woman in white clothes took the child to the game console below, walked to the right and left
The man in the white shirt looks at the child in the blue half-sleeve playing games
The man in yellow half-sleeves took a bag of game coins from the counter and walked under the counter
A woman in a black top and a woman in green half-sleeves exchanged game coins and walked to the right side of the game hall. The man in a white shirt walked under the counter.
A man in a red hat and a woman walked out of the game hall and walked to the bottom of the counter
A man carrying a bag walked out from above the game room, walked to the counter, put down something, and walked to the bottom of the counter with the man in green half-sleeves.
A woman wearing a red top and a denim shirt walked out from above the game arcade and walked below the counter
The woman in white clothes took her child to sit next to the game console on the right side of the arcade, and the child walked under the counter
The child and the man in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter. The man in green half-sleeves walked to the left side of the counter, and the child walked to the side of the woman in white clothes.
Two people wearing green half-sleeves walked under the counter
After the boy in blue half-sleeves communicated with the woman in white clothes, the woman in white clothes played for him
The child ran to the top of the game room, and the child in blue half-sleeves ran and chased him out.
Two women walked into the game room, one wearing a pink top and the other wearing a yellow top.
The man in green half-sleeves under the counter launched a doll grabbing machine
The child in blue half-sleeves brought the child back
The man in green half-sleeves pushed the claw machine above the game room
The man in green half-sleeves walked from under the counter to the left side of the counter
The woman in white clothes, the man in blue half-sleeves and the child left from above the business hall
The man in green half-sleeves and the woman in green half-sleeves and the woman in white shirt and the man in green half-sleeves are chatting in front of the counter
The man wearing green half-sleeves walks to the bottom of the counter
A man carrying a black backpack walked under the counter
A couple walked out of the game room and walked to the bottom of the counter
The man in green clothes and short sleeves in front of the counter walked under the counter
A woman in red clothes under the counter walked to the counter and talked to the woman in green half-sleeves
A man in black half-sleeves and a man in a red top walked out of the game hall and walked to the left side of the counter
A man in gray clothes and a woman in green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter. They exchanged some game coins and walked towards the counter.
A man in white shorts walked out from under the counter and walked to the left side of the counter
The man in white shorts took out a few notes and placed them on the counter
The two women who walked out from under the counter then communicated in front of the counter for a while and walked out from under the counter.
A man wearing black half-sleeves walked to the right side of the counter
The man wearing black half-sleeves walks to the left side of the counter to use a laptop
A person carrying a bag and a person wearing a red skirt walked to the top of the game arcade after changing some game coins at the counter
A woman in a blue top walked from under the counter, exchanged game coins with a woman in green half-sleeves and walked towards the bottom of the counter
A man in blue half-sleeves and a child in white clothes walked into the game hall and left from above the game hall
A woman in green and a woman in blue walked to the counter
The woman in green and blue changed their game coins and turned around and left.
The person carrying the bag and the person in the red skirt walked under the counter. A woman walked out from under the counter holding a child, followed by a child.
The woman changed some game coins and walked to the bottom of the counter with the two children.
A woman with a child walked out from under the counter and walked to the top of the game room.
The woman who had taken care of the child before and the two children of the woman wearing gray pants gathered around the game console above the game arcade
The woman with the child and the woman in gray pants and her two children walked from above the game arcade
A man in a white shirt walked out from under the counter and walked to the counter
A man wearing a yellow half-sleeve put a bag of coins on the counter from above the business hall and walked to the bottom of the counter
Three children walked out of the right side of the game hall playing game consoles
Three children walked out from under the counter
The woman in green half-sleeves handed the man in the shirt a piece of paper. The man in the shirt put the paper on the counter after reading it.
The person wearing gray half-sleeves plays on the game console on the right side of the arcade
A man wearing green half-sleeves walked out from under the counter. He walked to the left side of the counter and walked out from under the counter.
A woman in green half-sleeves is playing with her mobile phone at the counter, and a man in jeans walks out from above the business hall
The man in jeans and the woman in green half-sleeves exchanged some game coins and a fat man in green half-sleeves who walked out of the game hall walked towards the bottom of the counter in turn
A couple walked from the top of the business hall to the bottom of the counter, and then walked from the top of the game hall
A man in black clothes walked into the store and walked to a beverage cabinet on the left side of the entrance to rummage
A red car entered from below the intersection and drove up the road
A blue tricycle drove into the left side of the intersection and drove to the right side of the intersection
A red car drives from below the intersection to above the intersection
A red car drove in from above the intersection, turned right and drove to the right side of the intersection
A black car entered from the right side of the intersection and drove to the top of the intersection
Two women came from the right and walked into the shop with a pink sign.
A man wearing a shirt in the mall walks from the right side of the mall to the left side of the mall
Two pedestrians walked out of the store on the right side of the mall road and walked to the left side of the mall
Two people carrying bags on the right side of the mall road walked from the right to the left
A man in red half-sleeves and another man in black clothes walked from the left side of the mall to the right side of the mall
A person wearing striped clothes on the right side of the mall road walks from the right to the left
In an indoor passage, a man in a blue shirt pushed a box to the middle
The man in the blue shirt left the box in the middle of the road and left
In the hall, a man wearing a plaid shirt and a man wearing black clothes walked from the bottom of the hall to the top of the hall
The man in white reached out and took down the things on the wall
A man in a white shirt walks from the bottom of the hall to the upper left of the hall
A man in pink clothes communicated with the front desk and walked down the hall
A man at the counter walked out of the counter and walked down the hall
A woman wearing pink clothes walked out of the right side of the hall and walked to the left side of the hall
A man in white clothes walks to the top of the hall
In an outdoor corridor, a woman wearing pink clothes ran to the left side of the corridor
A man wearing red half-sleeves walked from the top of the corridor to the bottom of the corridor
A silver car on a road drove from the left side of the road to the top of the road
A woman in white clothes walks to the top of the road
A white truck drove to the gate, turned around and returned to the original road.
A man in green clothes came in on a motorcycle
At night a car drives from right to left on the road in front of the gate
A pedestrian walks from top to bottom on the right side of the road
Two red trucks passed down on the road
A bicycle moves from top to bottom on the right side of the road
A man in blue short-sleeves walked to the top of the road, turned around and then turned up
Two men, one in white and one in blue, walked down
The man in blue short-sleeves waited at the door for a while and then walked up and left.
Three pedestrians walked from top to bottom on the right side of the road
Two men in black left behind the previous three people
A man with a broom walks out from the right
A black car parked on the right side of the road
Three men walked upward side by side
On the right side of the road, two pedestrians holding things in their hands walked from near to far.
Four pedestrians walked out of the sidewalk on the right side of the road and walked under the road
Three people walking out of the sidewalk on the right side of the road carrying things in their hands walked towards the top of the road
A man in black clothes and a man in white clothes are walking upwards carrying things
A man in purple clothes followed behind carrying something
A man wearing brown half-sleeves walked out of the top of the passage and walked towards the bottom of the passage. A man with a white hat sat on the left side of the passage.
A man wearing blue half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the passage and walked towards the top of the passage
A man with a black hat walked out of the top of the passage and walked to the left side of the passage
A man in black clothes walks from the right to the left
A man wearing black half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the passage and walked towards the top of the passage
A person wearing blue light blue half-sleeves walked out of the left side of the aisle, holding food in his hand, entered a house on the left side of the aisle, and placed the food on the counter
A man wearing blue pants walked out of the top of the passage, walked to the left side of the passage and lay down
The man who was eating at the counter retreated to the left side of the counter
The man who originally returned to the counter to eat retreated to the left side of the counter again
A woman with a blue headscarf walked out of the passage
A man wearing yellow half-sleeves walked out from the bottom of the passage and walked towards the top of the passage
The man eating at the counter left the counter
A man wearing a black shirt walked out from the bottom of the passage and walked towards the top of the passage
The man eating at the counter walked out of the store, walked to the left side of the passage above the counter, and entered in sequence with the man wearing blue pants
The man in blue pants walked out from the left side of the passage and sat on the ground. The man eating at the counter also walked out from the left side of the passage and entered the store.
The man in blue pants enters the left side of the passage again
The man eating at the counter walked out of the counter and walked to the left side of the aisle again
A black car drove past the road on the right side of the outdoor corridor and drove to the left side of the corridor
A man in blue half-sleeves walked to a black car in the parking space on the right side of the corridor, opened the trunk and began to rummage
In a warehouse, a man walked out from above the warehouse and walked below the warehouse
In a three-story shopping mall, there are two escalators on the right side with many people going up and down. There are blue banners hanging on the left side of the escalators. There are a large number of pedestrians coming and going in the mall.
There are a large number of people in the platform from below to the top of the platform
The platform is cleared and the train starts
There are many white pillars on the left and right sides of the escalator in the middle of a street. There are many red lanterns hanging on the street. There are many pedestrians in the street.
There are many pedestrians on an open-air street in the distance. There are tall and dense buildings on both sides of the street.
There are street lights and greening in the middle of the street, and there are many pedestrians on both sides of the street.
A small blue train passed by on the street
A patrol car drives upwards
A police car drives down
A patrol car drives down
A small blue train is driving upwards
A white truck drives upward
A small red train is driving downwards
On a building below the intersection, there is a billboard that looks like a wine glass with Vegas written on it. There are vehicles and pedestrians passing through the intersection.
Five pedestrians walked out of the hall, and the person in a gray skirt walked to the left side of the hall.
Two men in black came down and sat on the sofa
A man in black walked out from the left and sat on the sofa
The man in green sits on the sofa
The remaining three people walked below and left
The three people sitting on the upper left side of the hall walk towards the bottom of the hall
A man in black walked to the front desk
A woman in black came out, shook hands with the man in black and left from the left
The woman in blue is sitting at the computer desk, looking at the computer seriously
The woman in blue sorted the files and then stood up and walked to the back
There are several vehicles passing by on the road outside the office room in the evening
The man in blue and the man in red open the door and enter
A man in red clothes opened the door and entered
In an elevator, a man in black clothes walked towards the elevator holding the stairs.
The man in black clothes bent down to pick up something, and then pressed the elevator switch
A man in a plaid shirt walks to the elevator
The elevator door opened and two men walked out and then walked out
The person holding the ladder walks into the elevator
The man in the plaid shirt left
In the office, a man in white clothes walked out with a plate.
The man in white clothes stood in front of the cabinet, opened the cabinet and took out things.
The man in white clothes walked to the underside of the table and looked outside the house.
The evening office has three desks and a cabinet.
A man in black clothes walked to the seated man in white clothes and threw the paper in his hand on the table
The man in black turned around and walked to the back
The man in white turned his chair and chatted with the man in black
The man in white clothes sat on the chair and slid to the table in the middle
The man in white clothes stood up and walked towards the seated man in black clothes.
The man in white clothes opened the door and walked into the office with paper in his hand.
At a roadside, a man in blue clothes walked to the left side of the road and walked out
A fat man in black clothes slowly walked out by the road, and then followed a man in blue clothes and walked out slowly
A man in green clothes passed by the road quickly and walked out
A man in a plaid shirt quickly walked across the road and walked out.
An old man in gray clothes and an old lady in pink clothes slowly passed the road with something in their hands.
Three young men walked out from the side of the road talking and laughing.
A group of people chatted with him from the side of the road and walked to the lower side of the road.
A man in blue walks from below to above
A man in brown clothes walked out from the side of the road and walked out slowly
A man in brown clothes walked down
In an open-air restaurant, people sit there and eat, and there is a lake next to it.
In a shopping mall, a woman in blue clothes stood on the left side of the counter and looked at her mobile phone
A woman in red walks from above to below
The woman in blue clothes walks to the counter to communicate with the clerk
A man in blue walks from below to above
A woman in white clothes walks towards the back of the shopping mall, followed by an old lady
The woman in blue took the things and turned and left
A couple came out of the mall holding something
A man in black clothes walked out of the mall and looked at the counter
A man in white followed by two women walked down
A woman in purple and a woman in green are walking forward side by side
A woman in colorful clothes walked towards the back of the mall carrying things
A woman in gray followed by a man in blue, a man in plaid and a man in beige walked upwards
A man in black clothes walked out of the mall and passed the counter
A man in colorful clothes walked out of the mall, passed the counter, and then walked out.
A woman in purple clothes passed the counter and then walked out.
A woman in black clothes and a woman in white clothes passed the counter.
A person pushing a cart above, followed by three people walking below
Five people quickly passed the counter and walked towards the back of the mall
A woman in brown clothes walked sideways to the counter from the mall holding a mobile phone
A man in black, a woman in plaid shirt and a man in gray are walking upward side by side
A man in black clothes walked towards the back of the mall, looking at the counter as he walked
A group of people walked upward together
A woman in a white skirt and a floral dress walked downstairs carrying something
A man in gray clothes carrying a cross-body bag and another woman in gray clothes carrying a white bag walked down
A woman in a floral shirt and another man in gray clothes walk down side by side
A woman in pink and another man in black walked down side by side
A woman in pink clothes walked towards the outside of the shopping mall with a white bag
A man in pink walks up
A woman in white clothes walked to the outside of the mall with a green bag
There were several parents with children walking and looking at the counter.
An old man in green clothes walked to the center of the road and looked to the left side of his body.
An old lady in green clothes walked towards the back of the mall, and three women walked behind the counter and then walked out.
A man in black clothes walked out of the mall and quickly walked towards the counter.
Several monks in yellow robes walked out of the mall and walked to the bottom of the counter and then walked out.
Two men in blue clothes walked out of the mall pushing a cart and walked towards the underside of the counter.
A number of people walked past the counter and walked toward the inside of the mall.
A man in gray clothes walked towards the counter, and a woman in blue quickly walked out from the left side of the counter.
A woman in brown clothes walked out of the mall and walked to the left side of the counter and then walked out.
A number of people walked into the mall from the left side of the counter and then walked to the inside of the mall.
A man in black clothes came out of the store
A woman in red clothes walks towards the store
A woman in a black coat walked out of the store
A woman in white clothes and an old man in dark red clothes walked down
A woman in black clothes walked to the other side of the road and walked out
An old couple passed quickly from the right side of the store and walked out.
A number of people passed by the store and then walked out. Behind them, a man in white clothes passed by the door of the store.
A group of people passed by the store door quickly and then walked out.
There are two children wandering around the store
A man in black clothes passed by the store
A man in white followed by a man in black walked into the store
A man in a plaid shirt passed the store, followed by a woman in purple clothes.
A man in a plaid shirt and a man in white came out of the store
A woman in black clothes slowly passed by the door of the store and walked away.
A number of people passed by the store door and then walked away
A man in black clothes walked from the upper side of the store to the lower side of the store, and then walked out.
A child in orange clothes and a child in black clothes passed the store and walked out.
A man in orange clothes stands in front of the camera, and several people pass by the door of the store.
Two women were carrying things through the store, and a woman in a pink skirt looked to her left
The woman in the pink skirt looked to her left and then walked out.
A woman in white clothes walked through the store carrying something and walked out, followed by a man in white clothes holding a phone.
A man in green clothes looks to his left
A number of people passed the store from the lower side and then walked out.
A man in a plaid shirt walked out of the lower side of the store and walked out after passing the store.
Three women passed the store and stood looking together.
A man in white clothes leads the things towards the store.
A couple walks out of the store
Two monks wearing orange clothes passed the store and then walked out.
A woman in white clothes walks towards the store, and a man in black clothes walks towards the store.
A number of people passed by the supermarket and then walked out.
3 women and 1 man walked out of the upper side of the store, passed by the supermarket and then walked out of the screen.
A woman passed by the supermarket quickly and then walked out
A man in black clothes is standing at the entrance of the supermarket and wandering
A number of people passed by the supermarket door and then walked out.
A man in black clothes passed by the supermarket and then walked out.
A man in brown clothes walked towards the door of the store, looked at it and then walked out.
In front of a cashier, a number of people passed by the cashier and then walked out.
A man in orange clothes stands in front of the cashier.
The man in orange clothes turned and walked out, and a woman in green clothes was sitting at the cashier.
A couple quickly passed by the cashier and then walked out.
A man in gray clothes and a woman in green are standing behind the counter.
The man in gray clothes and the woman in green clothes walked out, and a long-haired woman in green clothes stood behind the counter.
The long-haired woman in green clothes stood behind the counter, took off her bag and looked at her phone.
The long-haired woman in green clothes sat down, and several people passed by the cashier.
The long-haired woman in green clothes stood up slightly and walked to the right
The woman in green walked out from the right and sat down
A woman in orange clothes stood up at the counter and walked to the left side of the counter.
The long-haired woman in green clothes stood up and walked out
The woman in orange clothes is sitting at the counter with a book.
A man in white clothes quickly passed the counter holding a phone.
A number of people passed by the counter and left quickly.
The long-haired woman in green clothes stood up and looked to the left side of the counter, then sat down.
A man in orange clothes smiled and walked towards the counter of a long-haired woman in green clothes.
The man in orange clothes walked out with a smile, and the long-haired woman in green clothes looked at him and left
The man in orange clothes handed a piece of paper to the woman in orange clothes, and then the two people communicated.
The man in orange clothes and the woman in orange clothes are holding paper and communicating with each other.
The man in orange clothes put the paper under the counter and walked out.
A woman in green clothes holds a mobile phone in one hand and paper in the other, walking towards the woman in orange clothes
The woman in orange clothes walked out slowly, and the woman in green clothes looked at her phone.
The woman in orange clothes walked from the right side of the counter to the left side of the counter and then walked out.
A woman in green clothes stood in front of the counter, looking at the documents in her hand and touching her ears.
A number of people passed by the counter and then walked out.
The woman in orange clothes stood up and picked up the thing on the left and then sat down
A man walked past the counter and walked out quickly, and then a woman followed him and left.
A number of people passed by the counter and then left quickly.
An old lady in blue clothes walked from the right side of the counter to the left side of the counter.
The old lady in blue clothes stood next to the counter and looked to her left.
The woman in orange clothes walked into the counter and tidied the counter, and the old lady in blue clothes stood in front of the counter.
A woman in black walked up to the woman in orange to communicate
A white car drove to the factory
Two people got out of the car and walked to the front of the car.
The man on the right walks to the man on the left
A green truck stopped on the road, and a man in green clothes came down.
The man raised his hand to open the container
The man walked to the cart
A man in green clothes pushed the car to the truck and then went in.
The man in green tidied himself up and then slowly walked towards and got out of the car.
A woman in black clothes counts money on the money box on the table in the office.
Three men walked into the hall and walked out slowly.
A woman in blue clothes walked into the hall and then walked out. There were three people standing in the distance of the hall.
In a supermarket, a man in orange clothes stood in front of the counter, and a woman in pink clothes walked towards the counter.
There are three floors in a large shopping mall. There are many clothes shopping on the first floor.
In a restaurant, there was a woman in gray clothes sitting and looking at the computer.
In an office, a man in black clothes sat down, stood up, and walked out.
A man in gray clothes walked into the office and packed his things
The man in black clothes walked into the room, and the man in gray clothes stood up to greet him.
The man in gray put the black cable in his hand on the table and found something in the man in black's hand
After the man in gray handed the thing in his hand back to the man in black, the man in black turned and left
The man in black walked down
A man wearing sunglasses walked down
A man in black and a woman in black walk down
Two men in black walked backwards and forwards downwards
A person with a plate in his hand walks down
A man wearing a blue hat pulled a child, and another man wearing sunglasses pushed a stroller downwards
In a bed in a house there is a dog looking for something on the bed.
In the office, a man in black clothes walked towards the computer desk.
The man in black clothes walked to the underside of the table and walked out
The man in black returns to the room
A man in black entered the room and sat down
An old man in green clothes walked into the office and communicated with the man in gray clothes and then walked out
A man in white walks to the right
There is a road next to a house and a black car drives in
There are many cars on the road above turning left and heading towards the road on the right
There are two cars on the right turning right into the upper lane
A white bus entered the intersection and then drove out.
There are many through vehicles on the road above
At an intersection at dusk, several cars passed by and then drove out.
The camera turns left, many cars pass by
At an intersection, a white truck drove towards the intersection and then drove out quickly, followed by several vehicles passing the intersection.
The camera turns right, there are many cars driving
At an intersection, 4 cars passed the intersection quickly and then drove out.
The camera turns left, and two cars come and stop in front of the parking line.
The camera turns right. There are two cars parked at the intersection in the distance, and many cars drive through the intersection.
The camera turns right and a truck passes by
There are several cars passing through an intersection, and many cars are parked on the right side of the intersection waiting for the traffic light.
The camera gradually turns right, and there are many cars parked at the intersection waiting for the traffic lights.
A white pickup truck on the right side of the camera turns right into the intersection
The camera turns left, there are many cars driving in the intersection
Many cars turn left onto the road on the left
A van turned right, followed by three cars and turned to the right road.
There is a black car above turning right to the left road
There are many cars going straight on the left side of the road
In a hall, a man in blue clothes pushing a cart passed the hall and left.
A woman in black in the upper left corner walks towards the lower right corner
A man in white on the left walks to the right
At an exhibition, many men in black suits passed by the table, and a woman with a backpack walked towards the table.
The backpack woman walked around the table, and then several men in black suits walked to the upper side of the table.
A man in black clothes slowly walked out with a yellow sign drinking water.
The woman with a backpack and the man in a black suit slowly walked out from the right side of where they were sitting.
A woman in a pink skirt was chatting with a man in gray clothes, and then walked out.
A woman in white clothes chatted with a man in black clothes and then walked out together.
At a TV exhibition, a man carrying a camera circled around the middle of the venue
There are many people wandering around the platform
A bald man walked out from below the venue, taking photos at the booth, and walked to the left side of the venue
A woman in a red skirt walked from the back of the booth to the bottom of the venue
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve was pacing near the booth, and a man wearing a green half-sleeve walked from under the counter to the venue.
The man in green half-sleeves walked back to the center of the venue, took two rolls of stuff from near the counter and left from below the venue
The three people sitting and talking under the booth got up and walked to the top of the venue
There is a group of people taking pictures and explaining at the bottom of the venue. Among them is a man wearing white half-sleeves holding a camera
The man in green half-sleeves talked with the man in black suit under the counter and then the two walked to the top of the venue
The three people talking in the middle of the venue walked towards the right side of the venue
A woman wearing brown pants took photos in the middle of the venue and walked towards the left side of the venue
In the middle of the venue, a man in a black suit was talking to a woman in a blue cheongsam.
Two men were sitting on a stool in the middle of the venue talking.
The woman in blue cheongsam walked towards the bottom of the venue
A woman in a pink skirt walked from the bottom of the venue to the top of the venue
A man wearing a hat turned on the flash to take pictures below the venue
The two people sitting in the middle of the venue got up and walked to the left side of the venue
The two people chatting on the left side of the venue walked towards the right side of the venue
A man with a white plastic bag in his hand walked out of the right side of the venue and walked towards the left side of the venue
A woman in a pink skirt walked to the middle of the venue, and then walked to the right side of the venue
A man wearing a shirt holding a white plastic bag walked to the bottom of the venue
In the middle of the venue, a person placed some papers on the table and flipped through them.
A short man walked out from behind the counter and walked to the right side of the venue
A man wearing a yellow half-sleeve and a man wearing black clothes are communicating under the counter
A man wearing light blue half-sleeves walked out from the right side of the venue, stood in the middle of the venue for a while and then walked to the left side of the venue
A woman wearing an orange skirt walks from right to left
The person wearing yellow half-sleeves and the person wearing black clothes walked to the middle of the venue and sat down
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out from above the venue, taking pictures while walking to the bottom of the venue
A man on the phone was pacing back and forth below the venue, and finally sat down below the venue
A somewhat obese man walked out from below the venue to the middle of the venue to take pictures, raised the paper in his hand, and then walked to the top of the venue
A man wearing a blue half-sleeve walked out of the left side of the venue, communicated with a man in a white shirt and walked to the left side of the venue
A woman in a white skirt walked from the bottom of the venue to the right side of the venue, communicating with two other women
Two women walked to the left side of the venue after talking to a person wearing black clothes
A man wearing blue half-sleeves walked from the back of the booth to the bottom of the venue
A woman wearing white clothes was talking to two men below the venue
The three people below the venue walked towards the bottom of the venue
A man in gray half-sleeves walked out from above the venue. After talking to the person in white clothes in the middle of the venue, he walked to the right side of the venue.
Three people walked out from the right side of the venue and went to the bottom of the booth to watch
The three people below the booth walked to the top of the venue, and one of the women in a gray skirt walked to the bottom of the venue
Two men in orange half-sleeves walked out from below the venue. They talked with a man in a white shirt in the middle of the venue and then walked towards the bottom of the venue.
The two people talking in the middle of the venue walked to the top of the venue, then turned to the left
A man in black clothes and two people in white clothes sat down in the middle of the venue
A man in black clothes above the venue joined the three people talking in the middle of the venue
The woman wearing a red vest on the right side of the venue walked towards the bottom of the venue
A man holding an orange bag and a man in a black suit walked to the top of the booth
A man in black clothes and a woman in brown clothes communicated with each other above the venue and walked towards the bottom of the venue.
The woman in orange clothes below the venue walked towards the counter
The woman wearing orange clothes walked out from below the venue and walked to the left side of the venue
The four people talking in the middle of the venue left from the right side of the venue
Two people wearing white plaid shirts walked out from behind the booth and walked towards the right side of the venue
The person wearing yellow clothes walked out from behind the booth and walked towards the bottom of the venue
The person in the orange skirt walked to the middle of the venue and talked with a man in black clothes. The woman walked to the right side of the venue.
A man in a black suit walked out from above the venue and walked towards the bottom of the venue
A woman in an orange skirt walked out from below the venue, walked to the table in the middle of the venue, picked up a cup, and walked to the top of the venue
Two women walked out from the bottom of the venue. The woman in white half-sleeves took a photo in the middle of the venue, and the two women walked to the top of the venue.
Four people walked out from the left side of the venue. One of them was a woman who was wearing white clothes before. She walked towards the bottom of the venue and sat down.
A man in yellow half-sleeves walked to the middle of the venue and talked to a man in black clothes, then walked to the left side of the venue
After watching and talking to the TV in the middle of the venue, take out your notebook, take notes, and walk to the left side of the venue
The person wearing yellow half-sleeves who walked out from above the counter walked towards the right side of the venue
A man wearing black shorts walked out of the left side of the venue and walked towards the middle of the venue to talk to a man wearing black clothes.
The person in black clothes walked to the bottom of the video, and came back after a while to continue talking to the person in black shorts. The man in black shorts walked to the top of the venue after listening for a while
A person wearing black clothes in the middle of the venue walked to the left side of the venue, and a person wearing gray half-sleeves walked from the left side of the venue to the middle of the venue and stopped.
A woman holding a green handbag walked out of the right side of the venue, watching TV with a man in gray clothes, and talking to a man in black clothes
Two people wearing orange half-sleeves walked out from above the venue
The two people wearing orange half-sleeves walked to the middle of the venue, the woman holding a green handbag and the man in gray clothes walked to the top of the venue
The man in black clothes was explaining to two people in orange half-sleeves. After the explanation, the man in orange clothes walked behind the counter.
A person in a pink skirt walks towards the left side of the venue and towards the right side of the venue
A woman wearing black clothes walked towards the booth in the middle of the venue
The man in black clothes walks to the left side of the counter after explaining to the woman in black clothes
Three people walked out from the right side of the venue, one of them was wearing a plaid shirt, and the three of them were sitting in the middle of the venue.
A woman holding a transparent plastic bag walked out of the left side of the venue and walked to the right side of the counter
A man in black clothes walked out from behind the counter and walked to the bottom of the venue. After collecting the garbage on the table, he walked to the left side of the venue.
The three people chatting in the middle of the venue got up and walked to the right side of the venue
At the counter in the middle of the venue, a woman in black clothes was talking to a person in black clothes.
The four people chatting below the venue got up and walked towards the bottom of the venue
Among the four people below the venue, there is a man in a white shirt sitting on a stool. At the same time, a man in black clothes walks out from below the venue and sits in the middle seat of the venue.
The woman in black clothes walked to the left side of the venue after communicating with the person in black clothes
The person in black clothes recorded the content of the exchange with the woman and then walked to the left side of the venue
The man in black clothes walks behind the counter, walks behind the counter
The man in yellow clothes was looking at something on the left side of the counter, and a man in black clothes came to talk to him
The man in black clothes sitting in the middle of the venue walked towards the top of the venue
The people in yellow clothes and the people in black clothes were chatting happily. At this time, a slightly fat man walked out of the left side of the venue and joined the conversation.
A woman in brown clothes and a man in a white shirt walked out of the left side of the venue. They walked to the middle of the venue to talk and then walked towards the bottom of the venue.
A woman in gray clothes walked out from the left side of the venue. After sitting in the middle of the venue for a while, she also joined the conversation of the man in yellow clothes.
A woman in an orange skirt walked out of the right side of the venue and walked to the top of the venue after talking to people.
A woman wearing a white jacket walked out of the left side of the venue and walked towards the left side of the venue
A woman in an orange skirt walked out from above the venue, took something from the table above the video and walked towards the left side of the venue
The four people talking in the middle of the venue walked towards the top of the booth
A man in black clothes walked to the top of the counter to talk to people
The woman in an orange skirt first walked to the left side of the venue and then returned to the table above the counter
A woman in a gray jacket who was talking in the middle of the venue sat on a stool in the middle of the venue
The person wearing yellow half-sleeves and the person wearing black clothes sat near the woman wearing a gray jacket in the middle of the venue.
A man wearing a white half-sleeve walked out from above the counter and a man wearing a blue half-sleeve walked to the bottom of the venue and sat down to talk.
A man in black clothes stands next to a man in white half-sleeves and leans over to talk to him
Two women in skirts on the left side of the venue left the right side of the venue together with a woman in an orange skirt after talking for a while
A woman in an orange skirt walked out from the right side of the venue and handed an item to a woman holding a bag in her hand.
A man in black clothes in front of the counter walked over to the counter to talk to a woman after reading a book and walked to the right side of the venue
A woman talking on the phone above the counter walked towards the top of the venue
The person wearing half-sleeves below the venue opened the plastic and was talking to the person wearing black clothes next to him
The person wearing half-sleeves at the bottom of the venue put away his items and stood up, then walked towards the top of the venue
A woman with a yellow ribbon walked towards the bottom of the venue
A person holding a bag behind the counter is taking pictures and walks towards the top of the venue
A man in a gray shirt walked out from below the venue and walked towards the top of the venue
A man in white half-sleeves and a man in black clothes walked out from the bottom of the venue and walked to the bottom of the booth to talk.
The woman in gray clothes walks from the top of the venue to the bottom of the venue
A woman in white clothes walked to the bottom of the venue after talking to someone.
Two men chatting on the left side of the counter walked towards the bottom of the venue
A man in black clothes in front of the counter walked towards the left side of the venue
The person wearing white half-sleeves and the person wearing gray half-sleeves are chatting happily in front of the counter
The man in black clothes returned to the counter and continued chatting with the two people
A man wearing an orange half-sleeve walked to the middle of the venue to take pictures and then walked back to the top of the venue
The person wearing black clothes walks from the front of the counter to the right side of the counter
The woman in gray clothes walked from the left side of the counter to the bottom of the venue
A man with a white bag walked out from the left side of the venue and walked towards the top of the venue
The man in gray clothes walked out from below the venue and walked to the left side of the counter
A person wearing blue half-sleeves and a person wearing white clothes above the venue walked towards the right side of the venue
A woman in white clothes walked out of the left side of the venue and left from the left side of the venue
The man wearing yellow half-sleeves sitting in the middle of the venue got up and walked to the top of the venue
The woman in gray clothes on the left side of the counter walks to the right side of the venue
Two men in black clothes walked out of the left side of the venue and sat in the seats below the venue to talk.
The person wearing orange half-sleeves walked out from above the venue and walked to the right side of the venue
A woman wearing a gray skirt on the left side of the venue took something in the middle of the venue and walked towards the bottom of the venue
There are two people pushing boxes above the venue
A woman in white clothes and a man in black clothes walked out of the left side of the venue and walked towards the top of the venue
A man in white clothes walked out of the right side of the venue and walked towards the top of the counter
The man in yellow clothes walked out from above the venue and walked to the table in the middle of the venue
People in yellow clothes sat down and chatted
A woman looking at paper walked out of the right side of the venue and walked towards the left side of the venue
The man in yellow half-sleeves stood up, and a man in a white shirt walked out from below the venue
A woman in a white shirt pushed back the chair below the venue and walked towards the bottom of the venue
The three people chatting in the middle of the venue sat down below the venue
The picture is in an indoor room, with a counter on the left, three people in black clothes and black trousers on the left, and a man in black on the right sitting at a white table writing something
The two men in black on the left walked to the lower right
A man in a blue shirt and black pants above walked to the lower left of the room
A man in black clothes and black pants from the lower left walked to the upper right and moved a white stool back to the lower left
A man in white and a man in black walked to the upper left of the room from the lower right side of the room.
The man in black clothes and black pants pushed the door at the lower left of the room and walked to the upper right
A man in black holding a file on the lower right walked to the counter above and handed the file in his hand to the man in black beside the counter
A man in black clothes and black pants pulled a white stool to the right in the upper right corner of the room
A man in black holding documents above walked to the lower left of the room
The men above walked to the center
The man in black at the central table in the room leaves from the lower left
The man in black at the counter above walked to the table and sat down
The man in black at the bottom left of the room walked to the table, squatted down and left
A man in black at the top of the room walked to the bottom of the room and sat down
Three men on the lower left walked to the right
Two men on the left enter and talk in front of the counter
The two men in black on the right left the screen one after another
A woman in a pink dress in the lower left corner of the room walked to the lower right corner
Two men in white carrying things on the upper right slowly walked up and left at the lower left corner
A man in black clothes and black pants above walked to the right and left
The man in red on the left, the man in white and the man in black say goodbye and leave on the left
A woman in a spotted top enters on the left and talks to a man in black, and then leaves on the left
A man in a striped shirt and jeans carrying a red bag and two men in black walked to the right above the room.
A man in black and a man in white walked to the right and disappeared on the lower left side of the room.
The man in black clothes and black pants beside the white table walked to the center of the screen and looked around.
A man in a white shirt and black pants on the lower left walked to the top. The man in black walked back to the table and sat down.
In the lower left corner of the room, a man in black with a yellow badge and a man in a black and white striped shirt and a man in a plaid shirt carrying a white bag walked in. The man in black walked in After introducing the two of them, he walked to the right
The two men in white clothes and black pants above walked to the lower left corner and left
Enter two ladies and a man in white from the lower left talking in front of the counter
The man in white at the bottom left walked past and walked to the top
A man in black clothes, black pants, yellow badge and holding documents appeared above the room and walked to the right
Several men on the right sat on the table on the right. The man in blue signed on the table. Many people were walking around in the room.
A man on the right wearing a yellow badge, white clothes and black pants walked to the lower left corner of the house
The man in blue and the man in black at the table on the right leave on the right
The man in white clothes and black pants in the lower left corner walked to the top of the house
The man in the center with a black and white striped shirt, the man in a plaid shirt and the man in black clothes and black pants leave from the lower left corner
A man wearing black clothes and black trousers and two men in blue shirts on the right walked to the top
A man wearing a brown shirt and jeans in the lower right corner of the room walked to the counter
A man in white clothes and black pants above walked to the bottom and returned to the top
A woman wearing a pink dress on the left walked to the front and back of the counter and talked with the man in black below in the lower left corner
A man in black clothes and black pants left at the bottom left, and many people were moving in the screen
There are three men in gray shirts and a man in a blue plaid shirt gathered in the lower right corner of the room
The man in white with a yellow badge on the lower left lowers his head to look at his mobile phone and leaves for the top
The two men in black on the upper right and the woman in a pink dress leave on the right
The man in black at the counter on the left picked up the red file, and the man in brown shirt and jeans entered and left on the right.
The woman in a pink dress in the upper right corner of the room walked to the table, took away the files on the table, and left in the lower left corner
A man in a white shirt and gray pants at the bottom left walked to the top
A man in black on the lower right walked to the left
The man in black clothes and black pants holding the document on the right took out his mobile phone and walked to the lower left of the room
The man in the gray shirt on the right sat at the table and signed
The man in black on the lower left returned to the table on the right and sat next to the man in gray
A man in black enters on the right, and several people enter and exit the screen during this period
A man in white clothes and black pants on the lower left left on the right
A man wearing white clothes and black pants on the left walked up
A woman in a gray top and a man in a white top and black pants entered the lower left corner of the room. A woman in a blue dress and a man in a red and white top walked in succession. into the top
A woman in a black top and pink skirt in the upper right corner walked to the lower left corner and left
In the lower right corner of the room, a man wearing glasses, a white shirt and black pants, and a man wearing a white shirt, black pants, and pulling a suitcase entered and walked to the left
A man in black clothes and black trousers at the top walked to the center and shook hands with the man in a blue shirt who entered from below. The latter two walked to the bottom, and many people passed by.
A man wearing jeans and a green shirt carrying a black satchel walked in at the lower left of the room. He walked to the left and returned to the lower left.
The man in black is talking to the man in gray on the right table
A woman in a brown top holding an umbrella walked to the lower left of the room
The man in blue below stood up and left
A woman in black clothes and black pants appeared above and walked to the right and left.
The two people on the table on the right stood up and left one after another at the lower right
Multiple people entered from the lower left, a woman in a brown shirt and a man in black walked from the lower left to the upper right
A man in white enters the room above
Another man in white enters above with a black sound collecting device
Two men in black on the left left at the bottom left
The three men in white holding cameras above leave
Two men in black entered from the lower left. One walked to the right side of the room and the other walked to the table and talked with the woman in a black top and pink skirt who entered from the lower left and left. Arrived at the top
A man in black with a camera appeared above the room, taking photos of the two men in front of the counter, and then left on the right
A man in black enters the lower left and walks to the left to wait and return.
A woman in a dark blue top and black pants holding documents on the left entered and walked to the counter, and then left with the man in white on the left
The middle-aged man in black on the right entered and walked to the center to talk to the salesman in black on the side. The two left in the lower left corner
A salesperson in black with a yellow badge above walks into the lower left with a document
A man in black on the upper right is taking pictures
A man in white clothes and black trousers holding documents on the left walked in, walked to the lower right corner of the room and left.
The man with the camera on the right walked down and continued to take pictures
The middle-aged man in black on the lower left walks in
Two men in light blue tops and black pants walked to the table on the right and sat down
A salesman in black walks in from the lower right and leaves on the left side of the house
A salesman in black on the right quickly walked into the lower left
A woman in black and pink skirt walks in the lower left corner of the room and leaves in the upper right corner
The man in blue standing at the table sat down. The two men on the table were looking through the files.
A salesman in black above walks in and talks to the two men on the table
A black-clothed salesman holding documents walked from the right and walked to the left
A salesman in black above walked to the counter and talked to the salesman in black on the left
The man on the left walks down and leaves
Another salesman in black walked up
A man in a gray shirt and a black satchel entered the lower right corner of the room. He walked to the lower left corner, looked around, then returned to the lower right corner and left.
The woman in black and pink skirt on the upper right walked to the lower left corner and left
A man in a pink shirt on the right walked to the upper right with a blue bag
Two women on the right and a man in a white hat and pink shirt walked to the top of the room one after another
The salesman in black above the room walked to the table and talked to the man in blue sitting on the stool
Two salesmen in black on the right walked to the left after a while
A salesman in black holding a document on the left walked to the right
A man in a pink shirt holding a blue bag on the left and a woman in a white shirt walked in, and everyone left at the lower right
A man in a white shirt and black pants on the right walked to the left and took a glass of water and sat down below
The salesperson in black above put the white things on the table and the documents on the counter
A man in white passed by on the lower left, and then left on the left. A salesman in black on the right also left on the left, and then returned to the left
A woman in a beige top and black skirt on the left walked to the right
A man in a white shirt holding a camera on the lower right entered and placed the camera in the center
A man in white clothes and black pants on the left walked to the right
A salesman in black at the bottom right walked to the left
The man in white moved the camera to the right
A salesman in black walks in from the lower left and walks to the right.
A black salesman and a woman in a black and white top were talking at the table. After the conversation, the woman sat down to sign.
A man in black on the lower left walked to the counter and left on the left
Two men in black from the lower left came to the right
The man in white on the upper right passes by with a camera
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a blue shirt, black pants and a black bag entered the lower left corner of the house. The woman walked to the right and left, and the man walked to the left. leave
A salesman in black on the right walked to the lower left
On the lower right, a man in a white shirt and black pants walked to the left with a radio equipment and left
A salesman in black from the lower left walked to the right
A man in white clothes and black trousers above carries a camera and a man with radio equipment to the lower right
The woman on the right and the salesman in black walked to the upper right side of the house
A man in black in the upper right corner moves the camera to the right
On the lower left, a woman in a black and white striped top, black pants, and a yellow backpack, a woman in a black top and a blue bag, and a woman in black walked to the counter one after another.
Three people on the upper right walked to the table on the right
The woman in the white striped top walked to the lower right
Two women in black leave on the left
Many people were walking around in the room. The man in black on the right took the file and walked to the left. The man in white below stood up and walked to the right.
A man with a white shirt and black backpack on the left appears and leaves at the bottom left
A woman in a brown top on the right is chatting with the man next to her
A salesman in black and other people entered in the lower right corner. Many men gathered in the center of the screen, and the crowd slowly dispersed.
A salesman in black and a woman in a black and white striped top on the upper right walk into the center and the two are talking.
A salesman in black above walked to the right side of the room and left.
A salesman in black walked to the left and left
The woman in the black and white striped top leaves at the bottom left
The woman in the pink skirt above holds a few glasses of water and leaves at the bottom left
A man in black enters at the bottom left and leaves at the top
A man in black on the lower left walked in and talked with the man in white and then took pictures with the man in white.
A man in black in the lower left corner showed the camera to the two of them, and then the man left
A man in black above handed an umbrella to a man in white and returned to the top. The man in white was talking to the man in black next to him.
The man in white walked to the lower left
A man in a blue shirt and black pants on the left walked to the counter holding a white document
A man in white on the lower right is carrying a camera
The man in white at the counter picked up a piece of paper to read and put it in the book
The man in white on the lower right moved the camera to the top
A man in white at the bottom right moved the radio equipment into the room to talk to the man in black above, then walked to the right and disappeared
A man in black above, a salesman in black and a man in white shirt carrying radio equipment came to the lower right in turn
Many people below walked into the woman in an orange top and walked above
A man in white above carries the camera to the lower right
A man in a gray shirt and jeans holding a black and white handbag on the upper right walked to the lower left and left
A woman in a black top on the lower left took a mobile phone and walked to the computer at the counter and then walked to the top
A man in white clothes and brown pants at the bottom left walked to the left side of the counter
A salesman in black on the left walked to the lower left corner
The salesman in black on the right walked to the lower left
A woman in a red skirt on the lower left and a woman in a red skirt on the right walked to the left and left
The woman in the pink skirt above walks to the lower left
The man in white and the man in green shirt moving the camera on the right came to the top
Many people on the left passed through the center. The man in white was talking to the man in black. The woman in pink skirt on the lower left walked to the left and left.
A salesman in black and a man in white and black pants enter the lower left corner of the room one after another. Everyone in the picture is talking.
The man in the plaid shirt on the right stood up and walked to the right
The salesman in black on the left and the woman in orange above walked to the right one after another
The salesman in black and the man in white and black trousers in the center walked to the table and sat down. Many people came in and out of the screen and left after passing the room.
The man wearing white clothes and black pants on the right walked to the left and left
A woman in a brown top walks in on the right and leaves on the left
The woman in black in the center leaves on the left
Two men in black clothes and black pants walked in from the lower left, walked to the counter and started talking
A salesman in black below is talking to a man in white and an old man in a blue shirt.
A man in gray clothes on the lower left walked to the right and left
A salesman in black on the right walked to the left
A man in a blue striped shirt and a woman in black with a child walked to the right one after another
A woman in a brown top on the lower right walks in
On the right, a man in a white shirt and a black satchel, a salesman in black, and a man in a white coat and a black satchel walked to the top.
A woman wearing a gray top on the left chatted quietly with the salesperson in front of the counter, and another man in black left at the counter on the right
An old man in a beige top and black pants on the right and a woman in a white top and black shorts walked to the top, and the salesperson in black at the counter walked to the right
The old man in white above and a salesman walked to the table and started talking
The woman in white walked to the lower right and stood in the center
Two men on the left left at the lower left
The man in black on the right table leaves
A black salesman walked past on the left, and then entered a man in red clothes, black pants and a black backpack, and a woman in a yellow dress stood on the left
The salesman on the right returned to the table and handed the old man a document and sat down to talk to the old man.
The man in red on the left, the woman in yellow skirt and the salesperson walked to the right and left
The woman wearing a brown top on the left enters and leaves at the lower right
The man in white above moved the camera to the lower right and left
A man in black above walked to the lower left and left
A woman in white on the left walked to the table
A woman in a pink skirt on the lower left walked to the upper right, put the water in her hand on the table, and squatted down on the upper right
A woman in a white top and black pants on the lower right walked to the left holding a yellow mobile phone and documents
The salesman on the right table is talking to the old man
A woman in white clothes and black pants holding a blue handbag on the lower right and a man in a blue shirt and black pants walked to the left
A man in black walked from the lower left to the top, and the woman in white next to the table walked to the right
A man in black on the left walked to the lower left, and a salesman in black on the right walked to the lower left
A man in white on the right moved the camera to the top, a salesman in black walked in on the lower left, and a man in black on the lower left entered and walked to the right
The woman in pink dress on the left walked by, and the man in black on the right walked up
A salesman in black on the left walked to the lower right with a document, and then a middle-aged man in black on the left appeared and walked to the lower left.
On the lower left, a man wearing a white shirt and black pants holding a document walked up to the counter and left on the right
The man in the green shirt on the upper right walked up with the radio equipment
The woman in the pink dress above walked to the lower left and left, then returned to the top and sat down
The man in black looking at his mobile phone in the lower right corner walked to the lower left corner
A man in black clothes and black pants with a black handbag on the lower left walked to the counter and left on the left
The man in white above moved the camera to the left, and a salesman in black on the left walked to the lower right holding a document
A man in a blue shirt and black shorts walked into the lower right and stood on the left
A staff member in black walks into the lower left and stands in the center to take pictures and then leaves on the right
A woman in a red dress walked into the lower left and walked to the left
The woman in the red dress on the left took the file and walked to the lower left and left.
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants walked in from the lower left and a woman in a yellow top and black pants walked to the counter and the two were talking.
The old man in blue and the man in white leave below, and a man in black above leaves on the right side with a bag on his back.
A man in blue on the left and the man with a blue satchel walked in successively. The man in blue left at the lower left, and the man in green shirt walked to the lower right and left.
A man in black on the upper right walked to the left to take pictures and left on the left
The man in the green shirt on the lower right walked to the left, took a document, and left in the lower right corner
The man in white clothes and black pants next to the counter walked to the right and left
Many people are passing by in the picture, and three men at the bottom are walking to the right
A woman in a red skirt walks into the lower left and talks to others in the center
The woman in yellow walked to the lower left and talked to the man in white clothes and black pants.
The woman in red leaves on the left, a man in black on the right walks to the left, and the man in black in front of the counter leaves on the left
A man in black who was on the phone on the left walked to the lower right
A salesman in black and two men in blue walked into the lower left corner and the man was talking to the two men.
The man in green shirt at the counter leaves on the left, and the man in black leaves on the right
The man in the green shirt on the left entered, groped at the counter, and left on the left. People around him were talking.
A black salesman and a man in white and black pants walked to the counter from the left
The salesperson in black above and the man in white walked to the left side of the room one after another
The old man in blue walked to the lower right
The salesman in black at the bottom right took the document and handed it to the man in white below, and then left at the bottom right
A salesman in black walked in from the left and walked to the man in the center to report. After that, the two left on the left.
A woman wearing a blue dress walks in from the lower left and a man wearing white clothes and black pants leaves on the right
The woman in the pink skirt on the lower left walked to the left and left
The woman in black clothes and yellow bag on the upper right walked to the right and left
The man in white at the counter leaves from the left
The woman in black and pink skirt on the right walked to the lower left
The salesperson in black at the counter looked around and then left in the lower left corner
The man in white on the right and the woman in blue top move towards the top
The man in white on the table said goodbye to the middle-aged man in black and left from the right
The man in black stood up and walked to the left to talk to others
The woman in black and pink skirt on the lower left walked to the center, looked back and left on the right
The woman in black and pink skirt on the right walked to the lower left with her mobile phone, watched at the lower left and then left
A man in white clothes and black pants holding a white bag on the upper right walked to the lower left and left.
The salesman in black on the right walked to the upper right
The middle-aged man in black on the left stopped the woman in black and pink skirt and left. During the period, many salesmen in black passed by.
A man wearing a blue plaid shirt and black pants on the lower right walked to the table and started taking pictures
A woman in black clothes, black pants, and a black satchel walks in from the lower left and leaves on the left
A woman with a brown top and black leather bag on the lower right went around to the lower left
After the salesman in black on the right and the man in blue talked, the salesman in black walked up and the man in blue left on the right
The middle-aged man in black on the left looked at the left side and left, then walked to the center and took out his mobile phone.
The woman in the brown top above walked to the right and left
A woman in a gray dress walked into the lower left and walked to the left
The salesperson in black above holds the document and hands it to the woman in black and pink skirt on the lower left
The woman in the gray dress on the left walked in, turned around, and then returned to the left
The woman in black and pink skirt on the lower left walked to the table and talked to the middle-aged man in black. The latter two walked to the lower right and left.
A man with a dark blue shirt, jeans and a white handbag appears above and then disappears on the right
A man in a brown hat and beige clothes above walked to the right holding a file
A salesman in black at the lower right took the document and walked to the lower left and left.
A man in black on the right walked up to the top
The man in black on the lower left and the white paper walked to the lower right
A man in black on the left and a man in a yellow shirt are talking in front of the counter
A man in a blue shirt, black pants, and a black satchel walks to the lower right and leaves.
The woman in the pink skirt on the right walked to the lower left side of the room with the file and then returned to the right side. The salesperson in black and the man in the yellow shirt in front of the counter walked to the stool.
A salesman in black at the top took the file and walked to the bottom left and left.
A man in black on the right walked to the top
On a commercial street, a man in black clothes and a woman in blue clothes passed by a shop.
A man in white clothes walked out quickly holding a box, and a man in blue clothes stood in front of the shop with something in his hand.
The man in blue clothes looked at the phone and then turned and walked away.
A man in blue clothes passed by the door of the shop holding something in his hand, and then walked in
A man in a blue plaid shirt showed his mobile phone to the camera and then turned around to shoot
A man in gray clothes passed by the store door holding something
A man in green clothes walks towards the distance
A man in blue and a man in green are walking down
A man in blue and a woman in a floral skirt are walking down.
A woman in black and a man in black walk upward side by side
A man in blue walks up
In a workplace, a man in red clothes sat down with something.
A black man greeted and communicated on the right side of the office. The man in red clothes was sitting on his seat holding something.